That sounds very bad.
Rookie, you want to hear it?
No?
All right.
You sure?
Yeah.
You don't want to hear it?
I don't think I want to hear it.
Thanks.
Okay, keep playing it.
I mean, Felkur.
This is a best option for why.
I came up with another idea.
That word is.
So, necklace of fireballs.
If I get enough of them, I can make a machine gun that shoots fireballs.
I just fall out the guy.
They're a very magic item, but they're like a couple.
How much gold do I even have right now?
But like, like all things in life, I am broke.
I only have like a thousand gold.
How come you only have a thousand gold?
I think I spent it on something.
I think you did it.
But I see you.
Dying with a thousand.
Broke.
Yes.
It's because you went.
I remember before you went down into the letters open this door to make money.
Isana Rao offered to be to offer to take care of everything.
We're going to be rich.
Could we sell the ledger or pen
to a random?
I don't remember if we talk about black.
I get blackout drunk.
Oh, like the first time.
Yeah, yeah.
I get blackout drunk.
They can't scry me after
steal it.
Scribe you?
So first thing.
Bravo, there are spells we could use.
You don't have to get drunk.
What's the point of that?
That's happened with a thumb.
Bro, you're just wants to make feels that it's the obligation as the adults in the room to make that point clear.
What do you mean, adults?
You're a bloody dwarf.
What?
I've got to Google this.
Are gnomes?
All right.
Let me just read to you what happened last time.
So, why did the first thing that comes up when I Google our dogs?
Is it real?
Are dogs holler indoors?
All right, do you want me to read you the summary?
I'm not taller than Doris.
I'll read you the short summary.
Deep in the slave pens of Szith Morcane, the party navigated a web of tense alliances and brutal combat.
They secured the cooperation of Durgar named Grundar, who had a blood feud with Rinslin, but an even deeper hunger for freedom, along with his hidden band of armed followers.
Their path to the imprisoned drow nobleman Rilira was blocked by a fire giant, Azer Sentinels, and a rival hobgoblin leader named Corkin, who threatened the party's lives if they solited with Rilira.
Felkur bypassed the standoff entirely by teleporting directly into her cell, where she coldly demanded Corkin's head and the fire giant's death in exchange for the drow slave's loyalty.
The party obligated through calculated treachery.
Daein convinced Corkin to lead a charge against the fire giant, then the party held back and let the giants slaughter the hobgoblins before striking together.
Akritas, Daein, the Owlbear and Bramgrim's design spirits finished off both Corkin and the Fire Giant, though not before the giant savagely wounded Bramgrim.
Rilira watched her oppressors fall and for the first time smiled, sealing the alliance.
With Rillila's support secured, the party split up to recruit additional factions.
Bramgrim and Akritas successfully earned the allegiance of the Hidden, a group of Veronite rebels led by Hamad, by infiltrating.
That was really an unfortunate choice of name.
A secret organization with a guy named Ramadan.
Pressing Hamad enough enough to win his pledge and support, contingent on the party dealing with the fire giant king Danagor.
Meanwhile, the rest of the party visited the cathedral of Faces to negotiate with the Stone Giants, only to find their leader, their elder Kapatonic, before a flawless crystal statue of their god, a perfect carving that had consumed his will entirely.
Felkur, ever pragmatic, solved the problem by hurling a bottle of beer at the statue and shattering it.
The resulting chaos, a horrified king, frozen giants, and destroying the sacred artifact, made it abundantly clear the party had obliterated any chance of a stone giant alliance, and they fled the cairn cavern before the giants could recover.
All right.
And a small note that I want you to put there is not Felkur perfectly subject.
I mean it perfectly imperfect.
Perfectly subject.
So it's not imperfect.
Yeah.
During the 1922 change, nothing happened.
And I rolled at that point.
Like a NAT1 would have even.
You don't know what will happen in that one.
Maybe the whole instruction could help.
All right.
You're moving quickly, right?
I presume you're trying to move as quickly as you can to not be to not be a stone giant pizza.
We never put there.
What?
We were never there.
We were never there, right?
We stopped at the place, got drunk, and didn't go to the hosai.
Yes.
All right.
That's actually believable.
All right.
Okay, so I mean, Felkur, how are you feeling about the whole situation?
It should have worked, man.
I perfectly shattered it.
It's not perfectly imperfect.
And so while you're sitting there accusing each other, Bramgrim and Akritas show up.
Okay.
Bramgrim says, so did you secure the help of the five of the stone giants?
He didn't get that sense to talk, I mean, about that part.
And Akritas goes, what exactly happened?
I think that's not exactly.
Yes, that doesn't matter at a skirt moment.
Yes, I think me and Felkur should go to another faction.
I'm not sure.
Daein's go through this.
I don't know if there's any way that Bramgrim and Akritas can solve this situation.
Do you think that we have the skills together to actually get it alive?
Okay, so I got one more bottle of beer then.
Like, I'm running low.
I believe we can do this.
I believe.
Yeah, we're going to go to another faction.
So I don't know if the son says that Bramgrim and Akritas can solve this is to exert.
Well, so while that's going on, the ground underneath you starts to move.
They found us.
And all of a sudden, the Galeb Duhr Grek appears.
The one that had the one that started this whole thing.
You remember the one who you met on your way to
the No, you don't.
Okay.
There was a Galeb Duhr.
A Galeb Duhr is essentially a rock that talks.
Okay.
Right?
And he was the one who feed you into the stone giants.
He's the one who talked about he had been kicked at.
Okay, so we have to take him on the side.
He's just going to ask two and not the other partners.
He goes, and he's like,
he stands up.
He pulls up.
He like, you know, lifts himself out of the rock.
Well, because, you know, that's what he is.
He's just rock.
And he goes, you broke it.
You broke it perfectly.
Do you understand what you have done?
No.
Bramgrim says.
Bramgrim decides that he wants to handle this as diplomatically as possible.
He's going, I wish you to understand that as a member of the clerical order, and he starts going on and on.
He's about to go on.
Do you want to let him go?
Yeah.
He goes, the Galeb Duhr looks at him just, you'd be shrugged.
So it's not bad as what we just did.
He goes, none of us could, not one of us.
Seven years of us standing in that gallery, watching him starve in front of a perfect thing, and not one of us could raise a hand to the face of Scorus.
It is doctrine.
It is the first doctrine.
Here's the trembling for which a rock is unsettling.
So he's trembling right now, right?
Which, you know, seeing a rock tremble, it's kind of like, you know, it's kind of like trembling.
Do you want to do anything this morning time?
Let him keep talking.
You know, Akritas is stepping away.
Daein scared the photo, please.
Bramgrim is looking at Felkur, you know, with that disapproving look.
Like, I heard.
Should I throw another bottle of beer here?
Okay.
And he goes, not doing through a beer at it.
She's answerable.
I thought it would be a good idea.
He told me.
He told me to make it imperfect.
I did not.
I we were trying to find a planning.
He goes, No, no, you did it.
Yeah, it was all the only.
I get complete credit for the idea.
I was expecting that you'd do that.
Come on.
Well, actually, I wasn't expecting it either.
I read the module.
The module said little.
I can't complete credit for that.
The module literally says: a purple crystal is the source of the madness.
Immediately after it is destroyed, this giant stop attacking.
I hate complete credit for the idea.
I think Daein is wanting to just go to Hillsfar and start these music.
Did we win?
Did we win?
Did we win?
He's done.
Did we win?
The madness is over now?
What?
The madness is over?
Yes, yes, no, no, not the madness.
The madness of the stone giants.
The madness of the madness is over.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
He goes.
I'd better be really happy for a second.
I don't think you'll be easy, dude.
There's our king that cha is is lucid but then he needs to speak to you he'll send stone giants to help you fight but he needs something okay um i you must um you must go but his his lordship said that you need to to go to the lodge in person you have to go back yeah i got that part he would like to speak to you in person okay question um what is the last uh ally that we have to make is that was that Bramgrim and officials online no yeah they're clerics of death and evil so we cannot go are not gonna go and can they go to the stone giants or have to be wider of us greg looks at you we can't go without the liberator it would be rude he's looking at you so liberator he has two goals so Daein doesn't have to go yes so you don't have to get all the
allies i kid them because i want to take Akritas with Bramgrim oh no you have to persuade Bramgrim to stick around with this horrible alliance like he's he's part of your group okay what do i mean to roll to push him or to say you have to talk really about that all right you have to if you you know you actually have to talk yes i'm gonna talk to him or even suggest to give him money are you saying that my principles can be bought through a goal not i'm cheap but i'm not that cheap i got two bottles of of incredibly good liquor waiting for you
and for bear of the beard i would like to hear why indeed they're very tempting Felkur i admire i i i see that you value my honor and principle well but it is Daein that i that is the one who seems to be insisting that we go and speak to the um what do you mean Felkur also wants to go he insists too so it's both for both of us so you both want to go yes you would rather solid our alliance for good by making an alliance with those who are members who belong to a clerical cult of evil
I mean, let's be honest, we're not a saint either, and we need the as much power as we need to win the war.
There are lines!
All right, you're gonna have to persuade him.
Okay.
I have a deal.
If I can go, if I can beat you at a battle of shots.
Okay.
I should have some bonus for being a.
I have a 15.
That's okay.
Bramgrim with me.
Hey, I should have the bonus for being the drunkard around here.
Bramgrim a drunk, too.
I am not a drunk.
That is a horrible stereotype about the dwarves.
I wasn't talking about dwarves, I was talking about youth.
Oh.
So, okay, so you want to convince Bramgrim?
I mean, Bramgrim is like a marketer of lawful good and life, and you guys want to go make a deal with.
But they deserve it.
That's a lot of lawful good people don't get drunk.
So there's a lot of double standards here about drunk people.
Okay.
Okay, roll your persuasion.
Persuasion as a better one.
I have a block for.
I have a plus four, too.
Okay, sir.
Do we?
I will give you Barton inspiration.
Thomas do have to win.
What's the same?
I'll go as wisdom.
I'll go to wisdom.
Oh, I have inspiration.
I can also give you that if I need to re-roll for his wisdom?
I have to roll his wisdom.
You're asking me to go against what you believe, Jim.
Okay, you're right.
He's mixed me.
Go for it.
Wait, so much about the bonus that you're giving me.
Bartic inspiration.
I don't have anything else.
I wish I gave me another one.
That's a plus five versus a plus nine.
So I have to roll an e6 now.
When you roll on your first one, I got a three.
Okay, remember, we want to roll that.
We roll that.
They give me a plus seven inspiration.
Sorry, maybe Daein is better to do because he has the lag points.
Ah, yes.
So we have unbalances.
So, yeah, better Daein because we have the plus four.
So, again.
So, I'm running the frustration.
All right.
That's what that's it.
21 plus the body expression.
Let me roll that to six.
So I have 27.
Man, I have 22.
And that's what.
So we win.
Bramgrim evaluates, takes a moment, and says, and starts explaining how there was this one time that the dwarven god of good had to make a deal with the dwarven god of evil to when they had to eat a meal because both of them would go hungry and that the choice was to either both die of hunger or both work on the meal and that as a result of that it's quite clear that this is such a moment in time and place you will miss that out of here the body explains okay yes but you have to think that if we're not done and that the point that you've made that sometimes the enemy of my enemy is my enemy is a true statement and that having grass the demon lord in the prime material plane is worse than a bunch of namby pamby uh cultist followers whom you can kill afterwards anyway yes but he's the other point that if we have this alliance no no he agrees many people no no that's what he agreed he agreed he agreed to the following we will help them and then once grass is defeated we will kill them we will survive when the time comes we will see and then he remembers many both oh wait there's the meat shield we put in front that's what i was about to say i don't know how many of them are not oh good point yes oh in that case i can keep my honor as well yes i'm not turning on my allies no but maybe in the history that your name has to be next to their nething but that's he goes fine great is Akritas also convinced or
is convinced that Bramgrim is a religious zealot and that her job is not to purge the entire underdark of evil her job is to protect her particular part of the forgotten realms to do that if she has to make deals with the devil she'll make deals for the devil great we have it so you convinced her what i'm trying to tell you so far and which one do you want do you want to bring Bramgrim Akritas
i would take no but i'm taking Bramgrim yes because he's the killer and he knows the rituals and stuff yes yes okay and i want Akritas because if you have to flee i want someone fast okay so yeah i think that's the better balance to this situation
where we are speaking sorted toll people what is it uh
nick where you said
all right so let's go all right so you um
um okay so you arrive at the um which is starting to we're gonna start with uh we're gonna go to Bramgrim first all right Bramgrim so you guys arrive in the stone lodge again um the stone giant king is is lucid um uh he he's humiliated um and he's looking at 70 years of defaced carvings he made himself okay what do you want to say
you're welcome um is that the best for you
We have to find out why she wants to depression about what do you want me in person?
All right.
He goes, he goes, I.
He pauses and goes, I wish to thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Stone giants take a while to respond.
He turns to you and says, Where are you from?
Waterdeep, I think.
You're so giant.
Old master, if you really want to say.
I know of no such place.
What cave is it in?
Is it a cave, right?
No, he doesn't realize that you're from the surface world.
Well, looking at the surface.
What is that?
Big planes, no rock, rock below, not above.
He goes, hmm.
He likes, you know, imagine 26-foot giant kind of looking at you.
You're about the size of his nose, right?
Looks at you, goes.
Bramgrim goes, thank you.
Well, perhaps it is true that legends we've heard about this place with no caves.
The other giants go, hmm, hmm, hmm.
Finally, when he goes,
you go.
He puts a flat hand on the ground in front of him and then says,
I will send giants to help you in your quest.
Pauses.
But I want something.
What?
I want you to take to free the enslaved stone giants at Delagore's palace.
Cool.
He pauses.
And what am I to do with this wall of ruined faces?
Remember the walls agenda?
Clean it up.
All right.
He goes.
He looks at you.
Okay, so he looks at you and says, Clean them up.
What do you mean?
Not have ruined faith anymore.
Put them away.
Take them up, put them in other cave.
Other cave for stuff you don't want anymore.
Other cave you know live in.
It for trash.
He says, well done.
That's a good idea.
And then he hands you a bag.
Well, it's more like he takes his hand.
It's bigger than me.
Yeah, no, he takes his hand and drops some uncut gems on the ground to thank you.
Thank you.
Add 200 gold pieces and uncut gems.
Oh my god.
Yep.
I'm rich.
What?
That's for Daein.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
So, Daein, as you're leaving, Greg goes, oh my, I have something important to tell you.
Oh, do you see where he put his head down?
Uh-huh.
That was a stone giant apology.
Oh.
He apologized to you.
They have the intelligence for that.
Bramgrim says he's a drunk.
Pay no attention.
Have I insulted the fae?
No, I don't think you've insulted the fires.
Well, it's all that artifact.
Does that kind of insulted the faith?
No.
I don't think I've consulted a dragon yet either.
You work with some of the creatures.
Like the devil's demons are not doing the cuttings anymore.
They're like a dragon or a swing edge.
All right.
Yeah, like a 300 foot dragon.
I could insult it.
All right.
I just made one to think that it might stand outside with a walkie talking and be like, imagine being fat.
Imagine being so lazy and fat, and the only thing you can do all day is stand on your money and not even spend it.
I never knew you've not good alcohol before.
All right.
So you want to go get the.
All right.
Let's see.
We don't have to play that.
Carol, this one.
Spider-Man for somebody.
I just said this to Sammy.
All right.
Ah, yeah, another good.
All right.
Okay.
So now you want to go find the never answers, right?
Yes.
All right.
So Quilbyrn, the Drow leader, looks at you and goes, going to make a deal with the followers of Tiran Sele, Drow Goddess of Vengeance and Umberth.
We know the story.
Yes, he goes.
Well, I know I can tell you.
I can send you.
I can send one of my guards.
One of my men will take you there.
Okay.
But not all the way.
Okay.
He pauses.
My people and their people don't get along.
We got that part.
He pauses and says.
And he just lowers his voice and tries to come off as threatening as possible.
And they will be consequences?
No.
He goes, and they will be the first to be slaughtered in the attack.
He wants to make sure.
I told you what to think about your mom, so I cannot say goodbye.
So.
Okay.
Yeah, I didn't say that.
All right.
All right.
The first one, I think, is the one that pisses me off the most.
Okay.
Although Bramgrim goes first, right?
We need our healers, right?
And apparently, we need our.
He also has the most planned soap.
And he's got that spell of destroying packs of monsters.
The spell of destroying packs of monsters.
What is that?
Spirit guardians.
Oh.
All right.
Okay.
So you arrive.
So he leads you to the guard, the guy leads you down the passageway and says, down here is the crypts of the drow coverners of Szith Morcane.
If you wait here, he pauses.
Someone will probably come looking for you.
Okay then.
All right.
Is that bad?
He goes, you're the ones who want to go talk to those nut jobs of Kiaransalee.
I'm not the one who wants to go talk to them.
I have a great time.
Who are you?
Right.
And it's the same drow guard who spoke to you before, Srizzin.
He goes, you know what?
You guys are a wonderful group.
I love working with you.
And I wish you all the best.
Here's what's going to happen.
I'm going to wait about a mile up from here when you end it for a day.
If you come back in a day, great.
If you don't, I'm just going to go back to Quilbyrn and say that, well, they're dead.
I start to feel like no one believes anymore.
No one believes on the ideas, no, the future.
No, nothing.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, do you want to try to convince?
Do you want to convince him?
Or?
Come on.
I mean, wouldn't it be hard to convince him?
No?
To come with us, you mean?
No, no, not to like, he's not coming with you because he's like, oh, you want to try to convince him to come with you?
No, I mean, look, we get we take the albert too.
Yeah, you took the helper.
Okay.
All right.
So, um
So as you're sitting, so Srizzin gets up and heads up and heads away.
All right.
You sit there for 10, 15, 20 minutes, about an hour, and then a drow approaches you.
Okay, good.
She looks at you and says, You're the new ones who came here.
I guess.
Come on, Inquisitor.
My name is Asava.
Nice to meet you.
What is it that you wish?
Your help?
Our help?
Yes.
Our help.
We've noticed you make deals with others.
Perhaps you wish to make deals with us.
That's the point.
That's why we're here.
Well, then, why don't you come with me and I will tell you where to wait?
Okay.
All right.
She takes you down a small.
Before we go, can we make sure that we are not in any trouble?
How?
I'd like to see if there's someone surrounding us or they're going to sneak attack us or.
So you're going to be prepared.
Of course, always.
Okay.
You roll.
Who has the highest perception?
It's me, Akritas.
You're not there.
No, he can be Akritas.
He can move.
You have to open the Akritas spread.
Just roll a D20 if you can add the bones.
Perception.
Akritas has the best perception.
What is it?
Oh, wait.
Wait, you said perception?
Yes.
Oh, no, of course.
Daein has plus eight.
Okay, so Daein notices nothing.
All right.
What do you mean?
Okay, so there was nothing to notice.
Oh.
All right.
All right.
No, no, he noticed that something could be rolled badly.
No, no.
As a perception is sufficiently high.
All right.
So she asks, Athala asks you to wait in a small section of passages where bones litter the ground.
Do you want to look at the bones or do you want to look around?
Yes, look at the bones.
We want to know what we're dealing with.
We want to know what we're dealing with.
You identify the bones of the mix.
Some are drow, duergar, and quaggoth.
Okay, normal stuff are down here.
And some of a dog-like creature.
You recognize them, yes.
And there are what looks to be crushed and destroyed suits of dwarf-sized armor.
Okay.
As you look at them some more, you realize that they're azer shelves.
Essentially, it's the body exoskeleton of the azer creatures.
So it's not armor, it's another dead body.
Yes.
She returns after a short while with four drow.
Okay.
One is a female drow that looks to have seen better days.
She has a pallid skin that does not look living, but her eyes shine with a brightness of intelligence, and she wears priest robes and a symbol of her goddess.
Since you're this is the goddess you're familiar with, thanks to your special training in drow and elf religions of Kiaransalee.
The other drow seem to be warriors of some sort or another.
As you look at her, you realize.
Okay.
She sits you.
So she looks at you.
All righty.
Roll an arcana check.
Arcana has a better arcana
and suggestion.
From Akritas?
Yes.
Akritas?
Are you going to help him?
Yeah.
That's at 12.
Maybe still would be a good time to use one of my lack points, but isn't 12 enough?
Thank you for what was this?
No, you need a luck point.
Do I need more?
Yeah, you need more.
Okay, so lack point.
Arcana?
10.
Not that sure.
Okay.
You notice that this creature is not alive.
Why we thought that it was away?
No, the drow we're talking to, Velasta.
Ah, creature is not alive.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
The lack of breathing kind of gave it away.
Not the dead eyes of anything, the breathing.
Not the dead eyes.
No, not the dead eye.
No, she didn't have dead eyes.
I mean, oh, he's alive.
Does not look living.
She just, yeah, so you do like the pallid skin that does not look living.
I mean, let's be honest, I mean, the clothes already are basically.
Yes.
So being a bit more pale doesn't make the bad.
Fair enough, fair enough.
All right.
She goes.
She goes, Velasta says, I seek.
Tell me of Solom Ned'razak.
When do you want to know about Solom Ned'razak?
Ever since the giants took over Szith Morcane, and Solom hasn't been seen for some time.
And he's not big of soul himself.
You're not going to tell him that she's dead.
He's dead?
I mean, if we can make a deal, I want to shift her perspective.
Why she wants to know that information?
Because if she wants to kill him, when we're going to say yes, come back in a week.
We hit him.
She doesn't need to know that he's dead right now.
Maybe that's good for us.
So
he took vacation, let's see.
So would you say that he's that he hasn't shown his face for a while, but we have seen him around.
She goes, you have not seen him?
We have, we saw.
Ah, excellent.
I wish to ally with him.
Oh, why is that?
For my own, because he is the rightful ruler of Szith Morcane.
And I would like to ally myself with him.
Well, I don't know where he is or where we can find him.
Then how do you.
Oh, so you two have seen, have heard no news about him?
Not for a while, but I don't know what you want me to say.
So what is it that you want?
We need your help going against the fire giants and the evil in Maerimydra.
She goes, she goes.
Sorry, what did you say?
We want to go to fight the Maerimydra and free Maerimydra.
Ah, you wish to go fight Maerimydra?
Yes.
And free it.
Yes.
From the fire giants.
Yes.
Oh.
Well.
For that, but I want something in exchange.
And what is that?
I want Szith Morcane.
That's something that we cannot arrange.
Well, then, think about that.
How will we give Szith Morcane?
No, no, no, I'll be here to you.
Well, we are more powerful than every allies here, so we can say it with some sense.
But that's not the point.
Think about it like that.
Well, hold on.
He asked a good question.
She asked a good question.
What was repeated?
I will be giving Szith Morcane.
All you have to do is make me an ally of Solom Ned'razak, and then everything else will take care of itself.
There's an easier way to get Szith Morcane.
You guys can talk behind me.
You can have a conversation with me.
I will pretend Kim does not hear you.
Make the deal we want.
No, let me kill them after.
No.
Why not?
It's easier.
Let's say that it's going to be a war.
A lot of the other factors they're going to adapt.
So Szith Morcane is pretty.
Just give it away.
We don't care.
Yeah, you got Szith Morcane.
We don't care.
We cannot make the deal to make an allies with the other guy because he's dead.
I'll say that first one.
So, what did you guys say?
Okay, so I didn't hear what you said, so you were going to tell me.
So, what we're saying is: Szith Morcane, after the attack on Maerimydra, it's going to be free, so you don't really need to go out like the other guy to get Maerimydra to get Szith Morcane.
Roll an insight check.
Insight.
Your insight is that she doesn't give a shit.
That her interest in allying herself to Solom Ned'razak have very little to do with something else.
Roll another insight check.
Actually, roll the religion check.
Oh, because I wouldn't play again.
No, insight.
Religion.
Take the die room and add your religion bonus.
19 plus 3.
Do I get the ill?
Yes.
So plus 5, so 24.
Yes, and so you suddenly realize with your horror who you're actually dealing with.
Okay, you need to explain it.
Yeah, but I'm just trying to figure out how much I have to explain it.
She is what is known as a revenant.
Okay.
A revenant is a powerful undead that has the very annoying property of being unkillable until its vengeance is practiced or some other clause is satisfied.
Okay, so we have to learn what that thing is.
Yes.
How do you gamble?
What if we just tell them that this guy is dead?
Because he's gonna ask who he oh, she then if he's the vengeance and she doesn't go away, right?
Yes.
That's just a secret ghost.
So yes.
So she doesn't feel like so she's a ghost and she needs to do that thing to go to Afla.
Yeah.
What do you need to be a revenant for?
Are you a revenant?
You know one of those things about asking a ghost?
Did you ask the question?
I mean, is there another way to find out?
Asking her to find.
You get a girlfriend by asking straight up, so I don't see why it should be anything.
Okay, no, that went in a very awkward direction.
Okay, go on with your.
So, how is there another way to find out?
Well, I mean, at this point in time, there's another option, which is to walk away.
Okay.
I'm considering, but I don't know if that will help us.
I'm not here.
I don't have it.
We're going to.
So, what's your little plan?
Can we find why she's still here?
Or is it a very sensitive topic to talk about it with ghosts?
Well, you could ask her what is she.
I mean, you go ahead, ask what you want.
Okay, we ask her what.
So, what's your revenant deal?
Yes.
Oh, you're going to straight to we're one of these things.
We are straightforward.
We don't play around.
Okay, okay.
You just have to now look at what happens when you do that with a revenant.
We prepare to run away for our lives.
Don't worry, Daein already has his heart out for invisibility and accuracy.
I'm going to pass without trace any game.
All right.
So you ask her that question?
Yes.
That's your.
Can we just say that we ask that, but not directly, but indirectly?
No, no, we ask her directly.
You woke up.
Could you ask Daein?
Make your choice.
Walk away.
No, let me ask her.
Directly?
Directly.
What are you asking?
What happened?
What's your vengeance meeting to take as a revenant?
What's your revenant deal?
Yeah.
It looks at you, it looks at you, and she sort of stares at you.
You can see her eyes at the livery.
Solom Ned'razak killed my mother and my sister and me in an act of betrayal.
I will not rest until I see him die and suffer.
Question for me.
She pauses for a minute.
And the fact that you're asking makes me think that you are lying about Ned'razak.
I cannot feel his presence.
Look.
And if I cannot feel his presence, that means he must be dead.
She pauses.
The fire giants did it.
Yes, suppose.
Who killed him?
Fire giants.
The question is.
Fire giants did it.
Wait.
So, question.
So, whoever killed him, you have to kill that guy, right?
Or anyone who stands between me and finding out who killed them.
Yes.
Fire giants did it.
Trying to remember if he died.
Simple probably goes before someone did their final blow.
You know, everything is a point of view.
Yes, exactly.
The fire giants did it.
So, from a certain point of view, I could say not mine.
All right, so let's see if you can pull off the deception.
All right.
Pull off the deception.
I don't have the character sheet.
We gotta do this from there.
Roll the T21 before you.
Please.
What do you deception?
Do you have plus three?
Yeah.
Okay.
Giants.
Leader of the most clutch role I've ever done.
So
do you need a drink to find out this thing?
Sorry, I'm sure.
This is not a delay task.
It's very difficult to.
She pauses.
And she rages.
I want them all barren.
I've already seen her last one of them.
She declares you're her support.
Yeah, great.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Question.
She's going to kill every fire giant.
That's just the one that's with the bad wolf.
Well, she's going to try to kill as many as she can.
Great.
She's unkillable, right?
What?
She's unkillable, right?
Well, strictly speaking, she dies, but she comes back one to ten days later.
I'm sure the unknown revenant that was for every fire giant.
Question.
If she believes that she did either the vengeance or not, you'll find out.
By that point, can we not?
As far away as possible.
I just want mind the detail.
Sick has a whole life to find us.
Yeah.
No, no.
That was a more slightly more important detail.
She can feel where we are.
No?
Everybody knows that Quilbren killed him.
Why don't you know that?
She would tell everybody not to say any of these things.
Quilbren, remember the drow?
Your drow leader, he stabbed him.
Oh, yeah.
So don't mean that we didn't do it.
I'm going to tell everybody, hey, don't mention who killed Solom.
Hey, the fire giants did it.
Not anybody here.
The fire giants did it.
We have an unkillable revenant on our side.
Yep.
Okay.
So.
All right.
Are we good?
Do we need to tell anybody anymore?
No, you managed to.
You managed to.
We got every allied in two clutches.
Natural 20 roles.
Yes.
The one we didn't know, he was.
That was a perfectly reasonable.
Oh no.
Okay, hold on.
Come on, I wait.
Yes, the sleeve round.
Should have been my way for karaoke.
All right.
DND.
I guess.
All right.
Want to see what it looks like in the digital form.
Okay.
He tried a couple of times.
I just never really, but he didn't roll high enough.
What?
I rolled very D&D Joe.
I rolled poorly.
On your own sister?
All right.
Holy shook.
I'm slightly better than Gary Gygax, who declared the first time he played Dungeons & Dragons with his daughter.
His daughter found it boring.
Okay.
Okay.
Best, yes, what?
I told him to come inside now as he wanted.
Bess, yes.
Okay.
I'm sorry, I'm just trying to figure out what needs to happen next.
All right.
We want the water.
What?
We want the water.
We're having an unkillable force.
No, you don't.
Is it the revenant she's gonna can we just like sit down for the next three months of the revenant and continuously go in and out trying to kill the fire giants?
No, because it's about to be a small complication.
Yes, so we'll find a way that someone no, no, there is always a small complication because the demon that's your muscle.
Sorry, yeah, there's true that one is more than enough.
Yes.
No, no, no.
Let's go.
Yeah, someone now will go to answer.
Oh, yes, that guy killed that guy, drow.
Fire giants.
He wants to talk to me something.
I'm getting my hand on the ledger, whether you like it or not.
Okay, hold on.
I need to just check one thing.
All right.
Okay.
So you arrive back in camp.
Great.
All right.
For favorite one, that guy is about the dragon.
You know, to Glabrezu.
Murssvayas goes.
It is windy outside.
Wow.
All right.
You arrive back at camp.
Hey, the fire giants killed Solom Ned'razak.
Not any but uh the fire giants.
Got it.
Everybody understand?
Quilbren goes.
Why?
Oh, because they have a revenant on our side who believes that uh Solom Ned'razak was killed by the fire giant and also the security alliance.
I see.
So, my question is: Is there a spell that we can make everyone think that is the truth?
He looks around at his troops and he goes, My troops will say nothing.
And they are the only ones that knew what happened.
Great.
You, of course, the four of you know that drow are backstabbing.
Yes.
So, is there a spell that we can if we have such?
Yes, there is.
I don't know if you have it, so there are various memory spells you can move back.
Let me just.
Yeah, we're just going to talk together about our quick, okay?
Once we get the ledger, we need to be sure because until we get the ledger, we have, you know, remember, okay, just because she's unkillable doesn't mean she can't be stopped.
For 10 days.
Yes.
And after we come back.
Yes.
All right.
It's like the slide, it's like the snail, but it's a whole lot faster and a whole lot more deadly.
Exactly.
So.
The highest we're going to go is sixth level.
Is there a memory spell on the sixth level or below?
Let me check.
And you have to remember that will be creatures.
They're willing to do that.
Yeah, they're assuming they're willing.
Remember, if they now, all of it is.
Okay, modify memory.
It's a level of fifth contaminant.
For what class?
There's a spell called Moon.
It's for a bard, but you'd have to be a sufficiently high bard and a sufficiently high wizard.
Can I build a machine?
I don't know.
You'll see Avatar: The Last Airbender.
What?
Have you seen Avatar: The Last Airbender?
Yeah.
Yes.
Great.
So do you remember in Ba Sing Se?
Can I build one?
Can I build one?
Can you build fifth level contraptions?
You have a spell.
There's no level contraption.
Build the contraption.
Okay.
What level artificer are you?
12.
What was the name of the spell you said?
Let's see.
Modify memory.
I have to just like
you named your horse Mae because it's white.
I named my horse Mae because sometimes the Mae neighs.
All right, so strictly speaking, you can't.
Can't.
But Murssvayas, he's the guy who the Solom's right-hand man says, but I do believe, but the great wizard, nobody has had the courage to go look into the great wizard's tower, and there might be a spell book there.
If there is a spell book, I should be able to memorize this spell and cast it myself.
So, remember, there's Solom Ned'razak was the head.
Murssvayas is the drow who is your contact, who is also in the Underdark.
And he's a good friend of ours.
Well, he's an ally, a good friend of a friend's enemies.
He's not going back to that last day.
He's not going to backstab you as long as the fire giants are near me, how about leaving it at that point.
And Frank, quite frankly, he's glad that you're here because the alliance was falling apart and Quilbren arrives.
Great.
So, he's kind of right in our side.
Yes, he's kind of on your side, says that one of the thoughts he has is that although you can't cast the spell and you don't have a wizard, he is the wizard.
What he proposes is that you go look into Solom Ned'razak's quarters and see.
No, no, it is here.
No, yes, he's okay.
He explains that he looks at you.
He goes, Solom Ned'razak's home was Szith Morcane.
Okay, Maerimydra was home away from home.
So, what are we expecting to find there?
Because I don't think he's going to be just walking, take a look, and he goes.
Well, I mean, he goes for what I don't think that Solom was killed just a few days ago.
I would expect.
Wait, I'm confused now.
What?
Who is that guy?
Who did we kill a few days ago?
Solom Ned'razak was killed by Quilbren, the drow of fire.
And where were we?
You arrived and discovered he was dead.
Oh, okay, that's why I don't remember the puzzle.
Okay.
Yeah, you were not involved.
What happened is you were told, go to the underdark and create a coalition.
Solom's going to be there.
You arrive and discover that Solom's not there.
Okay.
Make sense?
Yeah.
Can we say that we're friends of Solom or do they know that?
No, they know.
They know that you're friends at Solom.
So we're friends of Solom.
Yes.
Yeah, okay.
So we go there and don't know if we forgot that.
Yes, exactly.
Why would you have any troubles?
Let's go back to the fantasy technology.
Sorry, I missed you.
I'm sorry about that.
All right.
All right.
So, off to the inverted.
What do you guys do?
What happens?
He's snooping.
I am actually snooping.
All right.
So once again, you guys go on the spidery on the spider's web.
All right.
All right.
So two, and so Bramgrim says we must go to the inverted tower.
And so the reason it's called an inverted tower is because I can never remember which of their stalact mites are this way or that way.
Stalic mites are downstairs kites or up.
Okay, so it's a stalact mite.
Okay.
So his tower is in the stalic mite, hence the term inverted tower.
Okay.
All right.
Yes.
Stalic mites know from the floor, stalic tight snow from the ceiling.
Stalic type.
All right.
All
right.
So
a short tunnel leads from the chasm to an archway.
Passing through the archway, you see glistening.
Okay.
Murssvayas now says to you that he will give you access to the Archmages orders for all that you have done for the drow.
Do you want to take where you can find any spell books that might have memory?
We will see.
Yes, he asks that you steal nothing.
Of course, we're not.
Oh, nothing.
Also, nothing that way.
We're going to just borrow it.
Perhaps.
Would there be any item that if you ever got your hands on, you'd be like, no, if we're going to borrow it and you can articulate that's my part.
We're not going to say that.
Are you really saying that?
Is there any magic item or artifact that you've always wanted your hands on that you've just never been able to get?
That perhaps make you, I don't know, so focused in your studies that you wouldn't be able to.
No, it needs things.
All right.
So, okay, so, all right.
So he understands.
Okay, he says, so you so you ask that you leave all other valuables behind.
We're going to know inside the tower?
Yes.
Okay, we're not going to have that.
All right.
We're not going to leave.
So he says he gives you Solom's arcane mark, a signet ring with a black jewel that glows slightly with its own inner light.
Why do we need that?
He says that he can get you into the tower without triggering the arcane traps and will likely get them into the Arkmages' chambers, as long as they also utter the magical world word Kural when entering.
Okay.
All right.
So we need that so we don't get any booby traps.
Yes, he advises you that once inside, we should make haste to the fourth level.
The other levels still have their wards placed on them, and without the arcane passwords to them, you will be faced with the full power of the tower.
Okay.
You need to levitate, fly, or climb to the top.
We're going to find ways.
What's that?
What's what do I have?
I jump.
It's almost fly and levitate.
Okay, so you could guys, I'm sure you guys can find a way.
Yes.
All right.
A short tunnel leads from the capsule to an archway.
Okay, so you're taking a long rest before this, or you're going as is.
I'm fine.
I don't need anything.
I don't remember what else we have to do.
Maybe we need to.
I did.
I already had a long rest.
So the only thing that is taking, we don't have one baddest inspiration.
Otherwise, we have one with luck on.
So I think we are.
I'm just asking.
There are consequences to taking a long rest as well.
Yes.
Yeah, I don't think we need a lot of rest.
A short tunnel leads from the chasm to an archway.
Passing through the archway, you see glistening walls of black rock forming an octagonal room 20 feet across and 65 feet five.
Every 15 feet or so on a different wall is an archway.
There are four such archways, including one on this level.
A subtle wind blows gently in the inverted tower.
So you have to get to the fourth level.
How do you get there?
Cast spells.
Just mark them.
Mark whatever spells you cast in this cast.
Let's see because I think there's a spell.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
What happened?
The control system, the control machine.
Yeah, short outside.
Shorted.
You're talking about something outside.
Yeah, so the air conditioning has two parts: an inner and an upside.
And the outside thing broke.
Yes.
Lovely.
And it broke in a way they need the part.
What?
Nothing.
If you want a different room, you can have this room.
We can come up with different ones.
Not actually that.
No, I was able to sleep last night.
Okay, well, if you can't sleep, just tell me and we'll swap rooms.
God, my fucking.
Also, we might want to see if we can cause the air to blow into that.
Oh, I'm very good.
No, no, I'm actually fine.
Sure.
Oh, my God.
I have a sleeping room within additional 1400 charges, but a little bit of a plug, but I can't do it because I feel precious and I need to turn every place I can into a perfectly AC place that I can use my AI assistant for because I don't have a brain.
That's not who you are, buddy.
I'm proud of that.
Okay.
All right.
So you get to the fourth level, right?
Yeah.
All right.
A large throne dominates this audience chamber.
Atop it is a weak-looking drow.
Two doors exit this chamber to the right and to the left.
Tapestries hang from each side of the room.
Oh no.
All right.
Hold on.
I need to read what happens.
Okay.
Right.
He goes.
You look at him and realize that the elf is Solom Ned'razak.
Alive?
Yes.
What the fuck?
Let's go back.
We went into hell and he isn't alive.
Yes.
Hi, Solom.
I'm going, buddy.
You need to water a little bit of a.
What?
Yeah, I don't get.
I'm not going through a word of my suck, right?
So, okay.
We found Solom there.
Yes.
What's next?
Ah!
Lovely.
You know what?
Lovely.
All right.
He looks at you.
Many questions, but yeah.
He explains.
No.
I am not some creature of light.
I am a recreation of Solom Ned'razak.
Okay, we got that part because we know that the real guy is there.
I am the real guy.
Not really.
You're a clone.
No.
Quilbring killed me.
Okay.
The knife remote in.
The body died.
I built this on this throne, a contingency.
Yes, you built a new bug it.
So.
You made a clause.
He goes.
Hold on.
Okay.
He goes, what do you.
He pauses and goes, you, what do you want?
Well, now that you're alive, we are confused.
Yeah, what?
But we're here to find a memory spell.
A memory spell?
Yes.
But I don't know if we needed any possible.
Well, right now, you might want a memory spell to erase the fact that you lied to the revenant.
Yeah.
Oh.
That's a problem.
How she wouldn't be able to sense him if he's still alive.
So.
Maybe that's not him, or maybe it's a clone of him.
But I'm singing.
Oh, do you want to tell him the problem he has?
No.
Wait, what this guy?
I don't know if he was there when we went.
You have met Solom Ned'razak.
He's the guy that sent you to Maerimydra to get.
The hospital.
Yes, yes.
Yes, you know, yeah.
It's Solom Ned'razak, your favorite asshole.
Right.
Do we want that to entertain him with a bloodthirsty revenant wanted killing?
Maybe if we do, he will tell us.
Yeah, I have no idea.
So you have to make a choice.
Can't we understand the situation first and then this one?
Yeah, so can we determine that he's the real one?
He's not a clone or a real one.
Yeah, he's absolutely a clone.
He's absolutely a clone.
Okay.
Makes sense.
Yes, so he's a clone.
He was a contingency that he put in place.
So if he does, he can be back life.
Yes.
But he's the same guy.
When you say same, what do you mean?
The same master.
Oh, yeah.
Personality-wise, completely the same guy.
But just a different celestial signature, so that's why it couldn't be.
Yes.
Okay.
In particular, the volume that exists was created, the spells predated the drow.
So if he's a lower level spend that's behind him?
No, he's not a lower level, it's a spellcaster.
Okay, so we can stop from the point that we were coming down here to find you.
Yes.
And start from there.
Okay.
We found you.
Now let's talk.
Okay.
So what is it that you wish to know?
What was the political configuration?
To form an alliance with the drow.
You basically formed an alliance with Quilbring.
Yes.
So right now, you're like, the problem now is that if he shows up, you know, Quilbring, you know, you created this whole alliance of people that presume.
I have a technical question to him.
Yes.
If a revenant forget the events that.
He pauses and asks, why are you asking me about revenant?
It's a hypothetical scenario.
Yeah, hypothetical situation.
It's a hypothetical scenario that we have faced and we just need an expert's input.
So what?
We need an expert's input on some magic that we cannot comprehend, like in Europe.
So he's totally not trying to play a physical.
Okay, because he goes, well, I don't know what it is that you've done.
That's nothing.
Okay, yes.
I don't know what you've done.
Okay.
And I don't understand what you have done.
It's okay, that's even at the point.
Yes, but what I can say without a certain incompetence, no, that won't work.
Okay.
Can memory spell work on the revenant?
No, it's kind of like who they are.
I mean, then they can have memory spell work.
Yes, it can, but it won't.
There's one thing it won't is that.
Okay.
But why do you ask?
Nothing important right now.
Maybe after the work, maybe it will come up again.
What?
Maybe after the work it will be combat with me.
He goes, I am too weak to fight anymore.
So we don't need you fighting.
We need you to stay here, actually.
Stay here?
Yes, and not do a market.
He pauses.
It's for your own good.
He pauses.
He goes, Solom goes, as long as Szith Morcane was mine absolutely, I do not care.
Look, it's what I'm telling you to every leader.
We're going to a war.
Millions of people will die.
Probably a war actually will die.
So it will be free for anyone to take Szith Morcane.
He laughs.
He laughs heartily.
He is dying of laughter.
And he looks at you and goes, You would have made a wonderful.
That's complex.
He's complimenting you.
He's like, wait, we didn't know you had it in you, Daein.
Well, I'll be Lord Ziggler.
Yes!
Logic!
The kind of logic that builds the kind of power the drow respects.
I am pleased to have been your ally.
Oh, the thought of great.
Yes, he's very happy.
So, yeah, while you gain your powers, we're gonna somehow minimize your enemies to take it.
So, yeah, do you?
We do ask.
Just don't show up your page.
All right.
Okay.
But that leaves us in a very big problem.
What?
So do we take the memory spell to the craze lady or the army?
Which is easier?
One is willingly to use the memory spell, the other is not willing to use it.
No, the memory spell won't work on her.
To forget that we liked him?
Oh.
But technically, we didn't lie.
Did you lie?
No, because we thought he was dead.
No, you knew how he died.
Yeah, we said that the fire guys stole him.
That was technically wasn't a total lie.
We don't know how he died.
Yes, you do.
You know, Quilbring killed him.
No, we saw Quilbring in this area of why Vanderbilt was dead.
And we who admitted that he killed him.
That's inadmissible in court.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what you're saying.
All right.
All right, so what do you want to do?
Is there a point using a memory spell at this point?
Power file.
We're going to take the memory spell and we said later we're going to use it.
Great idea.
Is that fine?
Right.
That's fine.
You say you're not taking the memory spell.
We may use it later.
Okay, so just make a note that you have a memory spell.
Cool.
And Solom looks at you.
Daein.
Sorry.
Felkur's not there, right?
Everyone's there.
Oh, you're all there.
It looks at Felkur and starts laughing.
Hi.
You're not a wizard.
Oh, shut up.
But I like you.
Oh, thank you.
Rumor has it that you went into Maerimydra and stole something from there.
Convinced a pack of devils, demons, to turn on the fire giants.
And imagine an old friend of mine.
I think you may be a lousy wizard.
An artificer is a contraption maker.
But here.
And he hands you over a spell book with a bunch of spells.
Still stirring about stealing the book, though.
I'm still stealing the ledger.
Where is that?
Sadly, if Felkur to steal the ledger, what would happen?
Oh, you're asking him that?
Hypothetical speaking.
The ledger.
I have a question.
Yes.
Is the ledger in the same container Maerimydra?
Maerimydra.
Okay, it's fine.
Okay.
So he says, if you were to steal the ledger.
Yeah.
Not us.
If someone were to steal the ledger, they better have the power to keep it.
How'd they find it?
If one didn't remember that they saw the ledger.
So to be fair, the powers that be would want the ledger.
Not.
But how'd they find it?
Well, if you're a demonic power and you have all the time in the multiverse, I'm assuming you would, you know, do it the usual way.
Magical spells, how we'll find them, there's folkship.
Spies, packs with other powers, investigations.
All right, we'll stop here.
We can continue later.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
Let me just read.
Make sure I understood what's supposed to happen next.
You ready?
Yes.
There's.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
So.
All right.
So you've now secured.
So Solom Ned'razak has given you a spell book.
Let me give you that spellbook, Nicholas.
Which you can cast as you can cast them as spells, but you can cast them as scrolls.
So we'll say you can cast them as scrolls, all right?
All right.
All right.
There we go.
Where is it?
All right.
Nick, where should I put this in Discord, I guess?
All right, we might.
The original, no, I mean, okay.
You get a portion of Gregor Hume, and he also provides you the following scrolls.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm okay.
Okay, they're in the DD chat, in the Discord chat.
Okay.
Do you see them?
Well, the actual phone, the path.
Thank you.
Alrighty.
So the situation as it is is that you now have secured your allies.
But all of the allies are going to help you after you get rid of Dengle.
The giant.
The giant Szith Morcane.
I thought it would be that.
No, no, you've got.
Shouldn't the revenant help us actually?
Shouldn't the revenant be there?
Because that's what she thinks there.
The revenant has gone on the lunatic aside.
It's gone on the lunatic vape.
Yeah, but shouldn't she be there?
Because that's still it.
She isn't here right now.
So there is another giant that's.
So let me explain.
Yes.
Okay, so let's remind you what's going on.
Szith Morcane is currently being.
The Szith Morcane currently has a forge.
Okay, yeah.
The Forge of Surtur, which is dedicated to some demonic giant god, not important.
What's been going on is they've been building materials that they've been shipping to Maerimydra, but they're going to use to stage their assault on the surface world.
You managed to stop one of those transfers.
All the factions in Maerimydra are willing, I'm in Szith Morcane, are willing to help you as long as you get rid of the current giants that are running the show.
You said group plural.
Yes, plural.
Okay.
So what you've gotten rid of is the fire giant that was taking the how many fire giants are we talking about?
How many fire giants are we talking about?
Yes.
I'm skills.
Undetermined amount.
You know, this is a good question.
Why did we agree to go to all that?
What did we get back?
What?
Nothing.
What do we actually get out of doing all that?
Well, so you're trying to take over Maerimydra.
Yes, and why is that helpful?
Perhaps if I were the last chance.
Okay.
So that's going to be.
No, no, no, no.
I mean, let me, Nick.
Okay, so let me remind you.
You managed to get the fire giant.
From Maerimydra?
Yeah.
You managed to get the fire giant, right?
The fire giant Solom Ned'razak casts the spell, does his thing with the fire giant.
Yay!
We'll beat you down.
You're now thinking yourself, you know, you're from, you now get information from the Emerald Enclave.
From the Emerald Enclave and your various allies and the mind flayers.
Right.
Yes, and what you've learned is that the fire giants are building these devices that they're going to use to lay waste on the surface world.
Oh, right.
We need the circumstance.
Yes.
And so then, so while you, so your job was to go and do something about that.
Right.
While you were going down there to do something about that, you met Alder.
Okay.
A halfling rogue who notoriously imprisoned Wolf.
And she explained that she sent a whole bunch of other adventurers into Szith Morcane.
They didn't come back.
No, no, she, but there was, but she then realized there was another problem.
One of the demons, Graz'zt, had a backup plan and he was going to show up at Maerimydra.
Okay.
Right.
So her original plan was she, the original plan, and she was going great, was that a whole bunch of heroes were going to go into the underdark.
They were very close to putting together a plan, which was going to attract all of the demons into Menzoberranzan, where they would all die.
And the problem with the demons would just go.
But what she noticed, what happened was...
Yeah, she discovered that Graz'zt may have another plan.
And so you became her plan B.
Of course.
To go into Maerimydra and make sure that if Graz'zt shows up, Graz'zt is defeated.
Right.
So your concerns are: you need to get into Maerimydra to stop Graz'zt.
Whether Maerimydra belongs to the Fire Giants or not is a problem for another day.
Okay.
Right?
Just to keep that in mind.
Okay.
But you also would like to destroy Maerimydra because that's where the Fire Giants are current.
Like, if Graz'zt shows up, it doesn't really matter.
Right?
He's powerful enough that he's going to cause chaos and mayhem with or without magical devices.
But if you can defeat him, then the and your allies can destroy enough of Maerimydra, then the threat of the fire giants, the disease-infected fire giants goes away.
Okay.
The other theory you have is that the fire giants have been driven insane by Graz'zt.
So if you defeat Graz'zt, be fine.
Oh, they'll be less crazy.
Yes, okay.
Right?
And so they might be more reasonable.
They might be less willing to cause mayhem and chaos.
The fire giants.
No, the fire giants are not, you know, I can.
Yeah, but they're not unreasonable.
How about I put it that way?
Okay.
Right?
They're, yes, they're violent, but they're not insane.
These guys are sort of like fire giants to the 20th degree.
Yeah.
Right.
So it's more of an extreme fire giant than normal fire giant.
And so the way to think about it is that the fire giants have been driven mad by Graz'zt.
You need to defeat the fire giants, and more importantly, you need to make sure that if Graz'zt shows up, you defeat him.
Okay, I know how the session ends.
Well, yeah, you've been facing Graz'zt left, right, and center.
Right?
Yeah.
And so don't you want to have one last chance then?
Yeah, yeah.
No.
Well, not after a war.
Well, I mean, again, remember, everybody has got objectives.
So the people in Hillsfar.
You know what I've done?
What is it to the relevant that Graz'zt killed Solom?
Oh,
it was a good opportunity.
Yes, it was.
Memories fail.
You know, maybe.
I don't know.
Okay.
All right.
I don't think I have any future questions.
So we have a live-to-play Owlbear.
What?
The reward to do all that is that we have the Owlbear.
Yes.
And a Graz'zt is no longer inside of, you know, the demons are sent back to where they came from.
What you found out was that the demons were brought back into the because of some magical effect known as the Blip.
Okay.
Whose origin is unknown?
It was from Thanos.
What?
It was from Thanos.
Yes, that's true.
Oh, fuck.
That's where I got the idea.
They're leader and calling the Blip.
Yeah, I'm speaking the lights, the Faries with on and off.
That's where I got it.
But I probably my choice of the word that the Blip comes from there.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, there are really pretty cool names.
Very impressed with myself.
No, I'm impressed with myself for stealing a good idea.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm not.
I mean, you should be proud of yourself, actually.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
So according to, I was just wanting to see before our giant star.
According to the best information Murssvayas Dhuurniv has, there were a total of 12 fire giants.
Two are dead.
So we have 10 to kill.
Well, hold on.
Right.
And so the one thing you know about fire giants is that if you kill off the head, the rest fall.
Okay.
Right.
You've already spooked them out by killing two of their kind group.
So if you just killed the Denethor, the lead fire giant.
Okay, we.
You could get that they might just run away.
Run away or join our own.
No, that they would be very unlikely to.
Unlikely.
Well, we had many, many unlike scenarios.
Yeah, I just said I said, I was going to say no, and then I was like, very unlikely.
We have the stone giants, but in Faerûn, we have the Owlbear.
We have the fire that the populace.
There's many unlikely scenarios.
I mean, there's the whole I don't understand what the lich is.
Yes.
And what ghosts are.
The whole, we had to do a deal with it.
The whole deal with the Arcana of Lolth?
Yes, there's been a lot of ups and downs in this adventure.
All right.
So
you cannot say that.
What?
Because we're not passionate enough to succeed.
All right.
Okay.
So there's two ways into his palace.
Okay.
The first way is through his palace directly.
Right.
The second way is you could enter through the Fane of Lolth.
You've been there before.
It was that big cavern dungeon that looked like a spider, now known as the Forge of Sutr.
Oh, that one.
Yes.
So that was what I was thinking about the web.
We are already putting it.
So those are your two choices.
He says to get into there, Murssvayas says he can cast a gaseous form so you can enter it through the tunnels.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you want to do that or do you want to go through the main door?
I was going to the gaseous form method.
Genesis form method?
Yeah, I guess.
Where would you exist the main door?
I guess what it is.
One thing you do know is that this is where you're going to find all the weapons you need for right later.
Okay.
Right.
So she's not.
So they're not.
So that's your final going through the Fane of Lolth?
I get enough.
The Forge of Sutr.
All right.
Okay.
All righty.
All right.
Okay.
We need to
just need to find something.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So you arrive.
Okay.
I know I've read enough about this, so I can now roll one in.
Okay.
So now you are going to go into the House Morcane's, Morcane's ruins.
Right.
And there.
Give me a moment, guys, because I have to load something.
I thought I had it.
I had something.
I thought I had loaded something, but I had not.
My bad.
Just go quick, quick, quick.
Okay.
Okay.
So you manage to, you can turn into gaseous form, and as a result of the gaseous form, you're able to sneak in to the Forge of Sutr.
Great.
The Forge of Sutr is the thing that the thing that you immediately immediately realize is this is big, right?
This is like not some small vanilla operation.
So let me just show you what it looks like.
Okay.
You guys should see that, right?
Yes.
Okay.
So relatively, you know.
And what is it that you're, what else do you see here?
The heat hits before the light does, then both at once.
That cavern the size of a keep's great hall, ceilings lost in smoke, the floor grid of forge channels where molten rock runs controlled by azer and move around the heat like they were born from it because they were.
On the western wall, a row of finished frames, steels and darkwood, each one of eight feet long and shaped like a huge crossbow with a serpent's jaw.
Three are crated and stacked near a loading dock at the far end.
Four more are half assembled on the floor.
They're binding wings not set.
The azer didn't look up.
They are not curious.
They are busy working.
The scale, this is industrial, not a workshop.
Like this is a major production thing.
The engines that you've been told about are easily identifiable.
They're oversized ballistae or Hellfire projectors.
You do notice that the serpent's jaw design is unusual.
Okay.
Right.
You notice the crates from the previous shipment.
Right.
And you notice four that are still unfinished.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
So you guys will put you guys.
You guys sort of emerge over here.
All right.
You can see that this, if you can destroy the forge or at least destroy the people who are manning the forge, you'll break the fire giant's ability to build more of the siege weapons.
I'm going to throw a beer bottle at it.
It worked once.
Oh, go on, but all about 40, but.
I rolled the feather, but never mind.
Legitimately, I throw a beer bottle at it.
That's the best.
It worked once, it worked again.
We're going to have to get into a fight.
Actually, what is that?
Do you say the molotov content?
Yeah.
That's another option.
Yeah, can we do a multi-stopping?
No, I don't think so.
How can we mole?
Okay.
So,
okay.
So there are four azer acolytes, two azer priests, one helmed horror, and two salamanders.
It doesn't sound like Mars.
No.
Okay, so do you want to take it out?
That's a good question.
I mean, it would be good to stop the production,
but if we just go kill the main guy, there's not going to be production, right?
What?
If we go pick the main pipe giant, there's not going to be a production, right?
Yes, we don't actually know where he is.
So we'll have to go there and ask him where he is.
Is that your plan?
Yes.
Okay.
You're going to go.
That is your plan, right?
Do you agree with the plan?
Great.
I just want to make sure that that is the plan.
Yeah.
All righty.
Okay.
Let me just put everything that's here.
Let me just see something.
Yes, we have.
So all of them are just one spirit you can away, right?
I'm sorry?
All of them are just one spirit that can away, right?
Oh, uh oh.
My question was freaking.
No, no, it is.
It is.
It is, it is.
I'm just trying to like, I'm just, I just need to, I'm just, what you're seeing me is I'm trying to add colors to these guys so you know who they are.
So you need to put this guy's going to be red.
So we should roll our initiative or are they going to be talkative?
I will put everybody down so you can make an informed decision.
Okay.
What are they?
Are these all fire guardians?
No.
No.
No fire designs here.
No.
What are they?
I'm about to describe it in seconds.
The ones without the red, right?
They're azer acolytes.
Okay.
A3?
46 each.
Oh, it's like one spirit guardian, right?
With a good roll?
Yes.
The azer priests are more powerful.
They are definitely buffer.
There's the helmed horror
and then there are fire salamanders.
What's there two of these guys?
Okay.
The helmed horror is standing over here.
Okie dokie.
You guys sort of are seeing the scene from over here.
What is it that you wish to do?
To the north over here is a double door that is giant-sized.
Just make sure you know that.
What are these?
Fire salamanders.
All right, okay.
So, so what is your move?
Um, good question.
Should we ask investigators where we can find
that?
I mean, you could do that.
I'm asking if you want to do it.
Do you want to ask the guy from the containers where the design is
or I can cast Arcane Eye and just like use it around for a while?
Wait, can I choose roundage side?
Yeah, you can just see true side, but true side does.
Oh, no, no, that you won't be able to
creature himself in the door.
It's a helmed horror.
Um, it's a you've met one of those before.
Okay, they're constructs that are obedient to wizards and to other uh so if you can be targeted generally not.
Um
Oh, I have a great spell to actually like kill the fire giant.
So, the only other thing is I cast the eyes on that.
I just go like looking around.
Yeah, you can cast the arcane eye.
Random question: Can I put a stone in it?
Like, just like a tie a little stone?
No, what is it you want to accomplish from that?
I want to accomplish it that I basically want to have like an eye.
I basically don't have a mini drone.
I can go fly around and ask people from this: hey, where's the uh Denethor at?
Do we have a vague idea of where it is, or is it anywhere?
Like, no, no, no, no, no, so you do know where he is.
He's either in here or in his palace, which is and the entrance to his palace is through is down these stairs.
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna cast Arcane Eye and go work with one of it.
Okay, is that what you say?
I'm sorry, yeah, yeah, you do it's oh, okay, I'm gonna cast Arcane Eye.
You don't know exactly where he is, yeah.
I'm gonna go cast Arcane Eye and look where he is.
All right, ready
and
oh, and then I can just cast password to get there.
Oh boy, oh, yeah, this is easy.
Oh, this is ridiculously, I'm just gonna cast and then the black tentacles, because that seems like a useful spell to leave on a fire giant.
Sure, is it that we're gonna?
Yeah, are you okay?
You still have to deal with these guys over here eventually.
No, because they're not fire giants, so I will just leave this on a way to do something.
Yeah, I'm just telling you, I'm just telling, I'm just telling you guys these guys over here might be a problem.
I'm just wanting to.
The whole last for an hour.
Yeah, I'm just don't let him go up.
It's a quick one evaluation.
I want to go full HP and full spell slots for your fire giant.
If I don't, okay, that's fine, that's fine.
All right.
Well, where is it?
What happened to D20?
Well, I have a moment.
No, that wouldn't even start.
All right.
Oh, we need a piece.
Okay.
All right.
Tell me what the duration of an Arcane Eye is.
One hour.
Okay.
There's a fire giant size door over here.
I think you need to be able to send your first.
You send it there first, and it's nowhere, he's nowhere to be found.
The stairs.
Down the stairs.
Down the stairs.
Down the stairs leads to another cave.
Yeah, maybe he's here over here.
I'm sorry, I'm looking at the map.
No.
All right.
All right, your magic eye leads you down to here.
I'll show you what you put me gathered in Palace.
Is there a fire giant?
Yes, there is.
Is it the big chief fire giant?
Yes, there is.
Can I cast passwall to get to a place where I can avoid doing power content in front of me?
And you guys can, if you guys can sneak across.
Just cast passwall and get to the stairs.
Passwall means you creates a whole even teleport spell.
You have artificial abilities to create magic.
You have pass, you have pass without trace.
You have a wide variety of techniques and skills.
You have gaseous, you can cast another instance of gaseous form.
Does that look for all of us?
Can I do this assassin-street spell where I gather all the enemies up into a ball and then cast away from them?
So gaseous form.
Gaseous form.
Okay, so what I can do, hold on.
What I can do is it can make the following meal.
I just read about the gaseous form spell.
So they cast the outfit.
The magic users, Murssvayas's magic users cast gaseous form on.
We can say that up to here, you're all in gaseous form except for about four.
To cast Arcane Eye, you have to go.
Yeah, and I can just cast gaseous form again.
We're using every single one of these products right now.
Yeah, and the gaseous form.
Is that what your plan is?
Yeah.
Okay, so your plan is to basically float along as a gas.
Yep.
Okay.
You float along to be gaseous.
Okay.
And then you arrive in his cot.
No, no, no.
Right, so you put one of you there
and puts it on my head.
They're a little bit buffier than the words.
All right.
The birds in the tomb.
What?
The birds.
They're going to be dead, but
we can do that.
The birds.
All right.
They're annoying me.
All right.
All right.
There's like four helmed horrors
that are kind of like, so he's sleeping over here.
He's sleeping over here.
And he's got a guard over here.
A couple of guards over here.
Of course, there's other people.
And that's in addition.
I'm going to assume you can't start doing that.
So we can go decided to stand it.
What?
So we can go decided to stand it.
At least one guy on that, like right there would be like one place over.
You can, yeah.
So let me just one square over.
Like, I really appreciate that.
Really?
Now that you made it like so obvious that that's where you would escape wanting to be.
Like, do you know how much it would make my life so much easier?
Why?
What if it failed?
Evard's black tentacles.
So tentacles so at 20 foot square on the ground that you can see it's in the rain.
But for the ratio, you can just go turn the gun to disable terrain.
Each creature in that area will take a Strength saving throw.
On a failure takes 3d6 bludgeoning damage and it has the restrained condition until the spell ends.
A creature can also make the save to enter this or end and it's turned to a creature, but make the save only one per turn.
Those restrained creatures can take an action and can make a Strength or Dexterity against all DC which you've 19.
I fail to see these fire giants be like that's not the good idea in the fire trap just less than or well or above.
All right.
Maybe we don't want to do that.
Maybe we don't want to do that.
Yeah, they'll be able to see.
Okay.
So this is where Denethor is.
And just so that, because this can't be this easy, of course.
But you have potential allies.
Way!
I'm about to show you.
So just to be clear, this encounter has potential allies.
You just have to know where to get them.
You also have a string.
Okay.
So there are two fire giants and three stone giants.
The fire giants are clearly the past masters here.
And the stone giants are clearly in shackles.
Oh, I have a funny idea.
Yes, yes, yes.
I have an idea.
Yes.
Can I read something?
Yep, ignore it now.
And I need a sign to cut off a stone giant so you can blink.
Okay, go.
Go over.
Tell me what it is.
Can somebody pass past our case to me so that I can basically because I have an idea because it lasts for one minute.
My idea is that tap blink run over.
Like get over half some cats, pass about taste, blink, get cut the one stone giant loose, go back in a certain run over, cut another one loose.
Okay, do you have control over your blink, Felkur?
It's like.
Well, well, it wasn't Ohio, you're still playing spell so if you're there, I don't wanna.
At the end of the start of your next curve, and when the spell ends, you're uh unoccupied space of your choice taking some you see with some 10 seats of the space of the antisemitism that's not unoccupied space available send the brains you appear in the nearest unoccupied exit okay my my idea is i uh my idea is that i basically i want to draw fatigue with like the creed does have pass without trace try and get over uh try and get over cut and cut to each one of the stone giants loose secretly with uh can't go oh hold on i don't answer this question
over here
You're in gaseous form, so where is the closest spot for the giants that can drop out without anyone noticing?
I wouldn't be good at being out.
Actually, that might work if we drop out.
We have a round of surprise.
I mean, the thing is, the giants, okay, so roll your insight or investigation.
Oh, inside our investigation.
Which one?
We'll try to go tomorrow.
Oh, sorry.
22.
All right.
You have a couple of insights.
One is that the two fire giants are looking very blurred.
Well, they're not looking at the function.
Yes.
You also can hear the fire giant snoring in the background.
Thank you.
So that's it.
I might want to copy it.
Would there be any disadvantage it has if it's asleep and I cast a spell that kind of makes it like would it automatically fail or its strength fail if I can if it's if it's incapacitated yes um it if it's whatever the rules are for incapacitated so I think it automatically failed or yeah I mean unless it's yeah well what kind of uh let me just check the condition incapacitated
condition incapacitated you can't take uh any action bonus uh if you are incapacitated you have a disadvantage on the roll your concentration doesn't oh it's okay we don't want
these I have two very useful things to do and I don't want to cut the stone giant please because that'll be a very unique opportunity with the fire diet okay so we I might just like literally start teleporting around everywhere
So we can all remove some of the ions.
Yeah.
Careful and free them and make no, I already get an idea.
Well, no, it's I'm gonna explain that.
Shall I make sure that you know it's when you're a gassius form?
You can't touch on it.
Yes, I know.
We have some, not all of us, some of us just normal form.
Yes.
Release them, talk to them.
Yes.
Make a distraction.
Part of that place is that not all of us, because some I have another idea.
Can I explain?
So then the rest of those in front of the bed, then see that.
And the other part will have very short interpretation rules.
Actually, can I explain my idea?
Yeah, you will freely.
My idea is that I believe that because it's incapacitated, because it's asleep, I can give it to I have an I can cast a spell and it'll give it the take damage and it'll also give it the fire giant or spin condition and other creatures around it.
You stand on the edge and basically just start attacking it.
I stand because I have a range, I can see it.
I stand somewhere over here while I catch it.
So you're talking about the main zone that's switching.
Yes, because you're going to have the ability basically to attack it with a full random surprise with advantage while it's in the game.
That's the second part of the plan.
No, no, no.
But here's the thing: that if you attack it, but I think.
Yeah, but you say that's also used that stone has created the structure.
Yeah, no, no, but if we do that, the giant will wake up.
You can do it in the sequence.
Yeah, I want if I free the stone tires first, the main guy will wake up.
No, no, but you can free the fire giant and then the stone giant.
We'll get silent.
Did that work?
I don't.
Remember, so you go create cats.
I didn't finish what I was trying to say.
After I do that, I cast Misty Step or Blink or something to go start freeing the giants.
I was saying that two of you could go deal with the fire giant.
Everybody go, but I can just go run it.
For example, your Owlbear doesn't have ranged attacks.
I mean, the elder can go try and figure out a way to.
So the Owlbear could go help create chaos on the stone.
We need to do the attack on the fire giant first so that they wake up.
So here's what I'm suggesting.
Wait, yeah, don't disagree with the plan, but we're going to make it a bit brief and so we talk to the stone giants and let them know that don't attack and do sister.
They're not going to attack.
The stone giants are in shackles, so they're not going to attack.
Yeah, we're trying to free them.
They're going to free them first and then gonna are they smart enough to understand those instructions?
Are we able to file them attacks?
Yes, but I mean, yes, you are.
Yes.
The only thing is that the fire giants might notice.
That's the only thing.
Yeah, that's the button.
They're also almost still, so you're not going to raid them.
Yes, and these are self-checks you will have to make.
Okay, well, we'll talk about things.
So if we free them and then wait, I'm going to signal the self-decaders.
And we're all going to be here ready to attack.
Look, there's one guy, one guard at the front that I don't think will be able to see that I don't want to risk our entire plan on.
I don't want to risk our entire plan on one saving throw.
That's the issue.
I want to.
It was not saving the pin.
No, but we're in Gaspar.
How are we going to see the sun drive for our gas point?
Akritas and Felkur can go there, misstep.
By the way, I'm assuming you've all taken a long ramp, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Misstep and move there.
It'd be better if we in the Owlbear free.
The Owlbear can fade, right?
Let's give bikes to change.
I mean, the Owlbear can be in the middle end of this, so I'm gonna don't fight.
You can help free the sunglasses.
I'm gonna say, because that's what you need that's probably perfect.
Why would I be talking about takes me step right over?
We need to do the same secret leading.
I don't think we see it.
No, no, no.
Oh, I don't.
I think you misunderstand my plan.
We do this simultaneously.
Can I show you where I drop?
No, no.
Here's my plan.
Can I explain?
Yeah.
You guys drop out somewhere here.
I don't go where you are.
I stay here, cast a spell on the giant.
Yes, and then cast a spell to stop the giant.
You guys attack, and then I meet.
I'm going to film the same difference in the same steps with just different.
Why would we see the stone giants first?
Because then we don't have to go back to free them.
My issue with that is that most of the park can go up here because they're still gasping.
So why don't we do it simultaneously though and have a pre-just videos?
Akritas is one of the big damaging, and if you can have her have an advantage and a free lightning bolt on the giant, that's like a free 40 or 50 there.
It's okay.
I mean, if somebody won't do that, that's why we have the stone giants, then build the rest of your planet to this by example.
Go for the free stone giants.
I can get me the Owlbear can do that.
But we need you to do the spell first.
That's why I dropped out like over here.
I have the right game.
So to understand.
Owlbear.
Okay, so let's say Owlbear stays here to tell you.
Or I guess one of these giants like over here.
That's just maybe the standard bit over here.
So all the rest of us come up here.
Or like, no, no, I mean right next to the giant.
It's going to be not able to move.
So it becomes inside here.
Yeah.
I cast the thing that's basically like right here.
And you move here.
No, here.
I need to find a good spot that we go because I need to.
I need to be in.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Can you move these real quick?
Because I need to.
Because you might need to drop out in a little bit of a different spot.
But let's see.
Let's see.
Where's my sign here?
Where's the line?
Where's my line to go?
I don't know if my line work.
Oh, yeah.
You need a little bit of a.
Can I show you where to drop out?
Somewhere like right here.
Because it says 20 foot by 20 foot.
If I place it right there.
Can I show you on my screen?
Yeah, I see your team.
If you if I place it right here, that gets the fire giant.
And it allows me
to go from here, line of sight, like perfectly here, so I'm not in range of that.
So I can cast it and then jump and then go get one of the giants.
That one?
I believe so that I don't see any welcome.
All right, Dad, can we explain it to you?
That we explain the plan?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Edward's black pentacles.
Cover that 20 foot square on the ground you can see within range.
So four by five.
For the duration.
Just for the record so that there's no confusion, we will use the grid and not the underlaying grid so I make the grid more visible.
Which group?
I'm not currently fine.
I'm just like.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that's the one I was going to go.
Okay.
We'll use the green grid.
So yeah, just in case.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to cast it right here so that the giant gets affected.
Okay.
Then what is going to happen?
I, using lines, I'm going to cast them on this spot, but it can spread it over here, right?
Yeah.
So if I show you, line of sight from here allows me to be basically like right over here around here to add the 90-foot tapping range.
Right.
All right, understand?
Yep.
So then I'm going to have the Owlbear.
Can the Owlbear free one of the giants like to bite the chain off or something?
He can definitely try.
All right.
So I'm going to be over here.
I'm going to cast that spell.
They're going to drop off here.
Oh, because the giants are going to be.
They're going to drop off right now.
Yeah.
They're going to drop off.
Like, basically, they're going to be all drop off in a way they can attack the fire giant.
Okay.
Because the fire giant is going to be incapacitated and it's going to have the restraint condition.
Yep.
So they're going to have advantage on it.
And while they're doing that, after that, I'm immediately going to run over and start freeing the giants.
I'm also going to have blink on myself.
That way, I have an easier way of escaping to the fake channel.
So if the fire giant is trying to correct a gap on me, they can't get me.
Okay.
Did that work?
That is definitely a good point.
That's definitely a workable plan.
The outcome of which is ill-defined and unknowable at this time.
So let me draw.
Yeah, I'm going to draw a rectangle.
So no.
I'm going to do
something like this.
Let me get it in a group.
I just want to ask to get it in a grid.
Something like, yeah, it's here.
That way we do.
Okay.
Basically, try and hard focus the fire giant because you're kind of in a little bit of a corner.
So let's just throw it as fast as possible.
Is that good?
Let me just try and draw some other line.
You'll get to see if they're handsome get us.
Is that line of sight?
Then is it the line I just do line of sight?
Do you see it?
Got a line of sight?
From where you are, where focus right now.
I just drawing the line between the two.
Yeah, that is line of sight.
Great.
I'm actually going to move it like that then because that's easier.
Okay.
Sorry, I now let me redraw one of the rectangles.
I'm trying to draw a rectangle so that it's going to be easily obvious.
I want to make this here.
There you go.
Like that.
I was mostly trying to see if any way I can.
I was trying to see if it's a way I can get all the two energies in here as well without having to.
How big is how big is this?
Four by five.
Any extra room, I'm just shoving off onto the side of the corner.
According to the rule that I have defined, the monster has to be at least half.
But you could do it that way.
No, but then we can't attack it.
I mean.
Because it stays on the bottom ground.
Yeah.
Everybody, two people use melee.
Oh, maybe.
Don't use that.
I think I need to do it.
Oh, yeah.
You can just.
All right.
Except you're going to be actually corner if you need.
Yes, we can warm.
So the good.
We're good.
You can always navigate on the back.
All right, we're good.
Ready?
Is everybody ready?
Okay, yeah.
Let's get a bit.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, we're good.
You good?
After I cast it, do I have movement to uh do I have movement to run over?
All right, so let's do one thing at a time.
Okay, let's first of all make sure let's first get our initial number.
Yeah, yeah, why don't we start like uh okay, so now that you get a surprise round?
I'm gonna give you guys a surprise.
All right, this is I thought you should have asked that.
Can we get a surprise round beforehand?
Yeah, I'm gonna declare declare for the purpose of this combat.
You do anything.
You've spent so much inordinate amount of time.
It's a good point.
No, no, no, I don't know anything.
This is not
oh my god, I gotta go to the supervolt.
Yes.
Can the Owlbear free the stone guns?
Dude, this Owlbear went from a simple just random thing in the middle of the woods to literally going to the depths of hell and back.
Yes.
As it should be.
You did not expect that.
I don't know about this.
Yes, I'm sure that is a witch.
You're so bitter of that.
You know the story of the lich, right?
Yeah, I'm sure.
So what happened was basically we were fighting some, I forget what it was, and there's a couple skeletons.
And there was a skeleton that we just left off this oh, unimportant skeleton.
We're trying to get this vial that could start a zombie play again.
So skeleton, was this originally tested in the beginning?
The skeleton was a lich that Bramgrim stole the bile and teleported away.
Yeah, he's keeping it about this.
It was about these third giants is a lich.
You only can do that.
You can't go from the class.
Once something is done and it's a classic, you know, you gotta respect that.
Are we good?
All right.
I haven't given all the fire giants numbers.
Well, so you have two helmets, then all of a sudden.
Oh, wait, if you're set up like, oh, oh, I might even have to.
I might have to redraw the square if you're if you move some of the creatures about I just got rid of the one that was near you.
The helmets uh it will be helmet horror in the spirits?
Yeah, well, one is helmet of horror and the other one is helmet of horror making that just put a B next to it.
Oh, wait, now I can do it like this and I get all every creature in.
What?
Wait, so there are two or three?
There should be three.
Okay.
You see different names underneath them?
There we go.
I see Tilban Pikinov, Fermal Piffinov, and some of them doesn't have a name and post number one.
Yeah, it's a helmet or hold on.
Okay, so two cameras between this.
Yes.
One helmet or but in the specific order.
What?
In the spells of all of them, one of the helmet for us.
No, you want to put a B because they do different damage.
Yeah, I know.
I'll just take care of this component.
All right, so we put there's no stats for it.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I should have played this while you're kind of squeezed in.
All right, so if I drop out right
the reaction of every fire guard in the room right now.
And then we can move the buttons in a second and get rid of this guy.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Now every creature, there's the they all have to make
a wait.
Are we still?
Are we ready to start the combat?
Yes.
Everybody has to make it.
The fire giant doesn't have to, but the other three have to make a DC19 for strength.
Where do we start?
Where did this?
Everybody.
Well, we started at the top of the initiative where.
So I have a 20.
So Akritas.
That's number one.
Well, we can do it the following way.
We can start.
We can assume that Akritas.
We can give Felkur the first action.
Shouldn't we have those prepared action and then yes?
So I cast the slow.
Okay.
So Fire Giants make the cell savings for those three.
It's a DC 19.
DC19.
Yeah.
Strengths.
And do they make it on their turn or do they make it?
Make it now and then every turn has to make it again.
Or else take 36 and they take 36 points of damage.
Every very well.
Really?
Yes, everyone is 15, a 17, 19.
Two of them are.
No, that's what I do, but I haven't checked their abilities yet.
Oh, but it's fine.
I only care about one of them.
Don't care about the other guys who try and kill the fire giant.
All right.
All three of them made it.
Lovely.
What happens to him?
No?
Nothing.
Trap.
Hold on.
Say the stage saying that we have to re-roll.
Okay.
So he's currently.
Ah.
Okay.
He's currently trapped.
Okay.
36 points of damage.
And he takes one?
36 points of work.
You mean?
Let me roll that.
All right.
Let me cool out.
Wow.
He takes five points of damage.
Ooh, this is not looking good for the good guys.
Oh, it's fine.
We have three get attacked to pay attention.
Two of the one?
Come on.
Me?
No, the fire giant thing.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
All right.
So how much points of damage?
Fine.
It's fine.
The point of that spell isn't to do damage.
Okay, offensive damage.
All right.
The point of that spell, the fire giant can't exactly move anywhere without being trapped.
Basically, the fire giant is going to be forced to spend a bunch of turns in there, and the chance that we get it stopped again and again.
Of course, he does have a plus eight for strength.
That's fine.
Okay.
All right.
So, okay.
Who goes next?
Can I add my friend by the fire?
Can I end my surprise turn by going over?
Let me have the Owlbear start here and tell the Fire Giant to we're gonna we're going to try and free let the Owlbear free new we're going to and then once you do you want to also tell them that you you freed uh scoring yeah so you're going to tell them about the whole not the whole like yeah just a quick gist of the quick gist of like yeah let the Owlbear free you and then go uh and then go and help us
uh yeah yeah yeah i'm just that's the entire week we did this plan so i had time to make no no i get it i get it i'm just trying to
can be Owlbear free i've decided yes all right good so i'm gonna pass point for myself to go
okay so um roll a dc 17 strength check for the Owlbear strength uh 17 uh the Owlbear shatters the stone giant's shackles i call it the go free your friend um the stone giant stand up rather the stone giant is okay yeah yeah you're no free he gets doesn't get an action okay next so for the order are you all is everybody done is they go at least we're going to attack that so that's only Felkur yeah all right so Felkur now who's next no because Felkur goes now you do all your reactions in initiative order okay so uh i'm guessing we'll start yes oh you have a fan by the way to know uh as long as our friends don't know so what uh
what Akritas will do also with everything plus thing before
Plus, why didn't you?
Oh, you go.
You better roll a critical.
Oh, you didn't roll well in your bananas.
You did?
Wait, I don't know.
That's it.
Yeah, sorry.
That's okay.
Okay, so we have to calculate all that time.
Come back when you have the answer.
Roll again, roll again.
Yeah, for dentist.
Oh, I need the advanced.
That's why you got a better.
Oh, wait.
Okay.
I won't need to catch this.
Oh, by the way, Bramgrim should use beer targets.
Just like instant spirit guarding it up, dude.
I'm going to get the stone giants.
Might be probably not going to cast paint again at this second.
We should get we should have all of that.
I'm going to have the stone giants come up because I don't want to antagonize the two fire diamonds next to us.
I think actually I might.
I don't know, should I?
Because the fire giants will leave once their team is dead, right?
Yes.
So should I have the stone giants attack those fire giants?
Or should I have them come up to the king fire giant?
There's a physical space problem.
They won't fit.
Yes, plus the fire giants have crossbows and ranged weapons.
So let's just have one attack.
It's up to you.
All right.
I'm almost done.
Only twenty?
Should we get situated because we have a lot of teams?
Oh, there's a world really good.
So, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, you roll the critical, so 54 giant stroll.
64.
How much should we go for the line of error?
9.
Kidding me!
Ouch!
You kidding me!
You have one job!
66!
How many gold dies do you get to the lighting level?
Actually, so now what are the damage now?
Started 98.
96.
Oh, 96.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, it's Daein spin.
That's easy.
Immediately to actually search it up.
Wait, we're in the reaction.
The question is in the reaction.
Can we do the products for action or not?
No.
So I cannot do that yet.
But the fire giant goes last, so I can't make a saving through again until we all get an attack.
There is no third point, so it is Daein to face B.
Okay.
It's Bramgrim Spin.
Bramgrim will start with.
No, I was thinking about Guardian of State, but there are already great for suicide there.
Ah.
We used all the damage with that one.
It's a classic.
We want to look up the gold to one turn of the entire thing.
I was really trying to make Guardian of Fate work, but there's too many systems out here.
So, we have the self-programming.
These things with saving codes.
All right, four of them, right?
Three of them.
I don't think number 10 or 40.
Let me just check if they're nervous to.
Oh, my God.
It's that down to 80.
Only 12 plus 10.
So you need only two because.
All right.
Okay, so what is the effect?
What is this available?
Faith level state guardian.
You want me to tell you if I cast it out.
I guess a radiant demonstrated?
Yeah, no, no, that's fine.
Okay.
A radiant will be necropolis?
How many direct roles?
This is everything, please and say it.
How many for how many?
Two.
The one we came up and in Python.
First of all, it's for the king, we blows it.
And the second rule was for the demonic, he blows it.
All right, so.
You burn your reactions.
Yeah, no, because he's laughing down 61 pickpoints.
We're having to do that machine space.
Yes, yes, yes, of course.
All right.
We don't have to speak it up well.
If you're on the computer, we're kind of DC.
Ah, that's what we can tell the giants to do.
Well, the stone giant still self-attacking is going to sleep.
Let's get to one thing at a time.
All right.
Are you guys all done?
For our reactions, yes.
For surprise round.
Everybody did it.
Okay, so now I could just go first.
Akritas will produce their bone.
All right.
The fire giant wakes up.
Could I have left my key?
Could I have left my cannon with one of one of you guys?
You should check.
Do we still have advanced of the firefighter?
I don't, Nick, what is the condition of average black tentacles?
Restraint.
So restrain condition tax rules against you have advantage, yes.
Okay, so all other spells and boundaries.
Did you just do 36 move damage?
I think I need more.
Did you know what critical?
I did it?
Yeah.
Because of red buttons.
So I did 40 pickpoints.
Oh.
I can't walk away.
Why don't you guys tell me when it's terrible inside the counter in less than one round?
I think it's over.
If Akritas speaks with more than 21 pit points right now, design is there.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
This is so funny.
This giant is not.
Yes.
Wow.
It is with one pit point.
Excellent.
Absolutely.
Oh, I have an interesting piece to make.
Actually, not back with it.
No, you can't.
It's not because we see Paul Railing.
Wait, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We do not do not count me out yet.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I can still do it.
You can immediately.
Please do it.
He's not going to have an opportunity to attack us.
Don't know how the couple.
I have a couple users of the vicious monitor.
Look, Daein has got two and his updates.
Oh, please, for the love of God.
Please do it.
Please kill him in Vicious Mockery.
Please do it.
We will try.
I'm not saying we can do it, but we will try.
What's the fire giant?
What's the fire giant's boss done?
Not very high.
And you have a second, then the second attack was just punching it.
No, no, if you cast the spell, it's a full action.
Can you have a bonus action or punch?
Anyway.
Please continue.
I'm going to cast blink on myself.
Should I do that or should I just leave it alone?
You can do whatever you want to.
I might be blinking.
It's really useful for me to not have to do anything.
All right.
So then we're going to go and cast blink.
We're going to.
This giant is free, right?
This one very straight.
This one is free, right?
I'm going to go one.
Sick.
I'm going to go here.
I'm going to just wait it out to my next.
Actually, this will all resolve itself by itself, probably.
So I'm going to go.
Try to free more stone down.
The 12 cast might actually have free on the one.
Yeah, so you can do whatever you want.
You want to come closer and start killing the other guys?
Yes.
No, as a bonus action after spell or no?
Because I do it after fireball.
I can use my pistol.
Can I use it my uh can I use it after casting blink on myself?
There are so many versions there are a problem of funny and how to kill it with Vicious Mockery.
Do not.
Yeah, we do it.
We kill the fire giant king with uh Vicious Mockery.
All right, so so what is it?
What was your question?
Never mind.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go over.
I'm not gonna.
I'm actually not gonna cast a blink on myself, but I'm just gonna go run over and free another giant.
Okay.
Use a few stools if you have them.
Yeah, what do I have to wall side of him?
That's that of him, yeah.
Natural four.
Natural one.
I got this.
All right.
I'm gonna just kind of stay like right up close.
I'm gonna tell the giant, yo, can I like to stay right next to your foot for a sec?
Yeah.
Okay, so the giants.
I have partial cover top of that.
I'm trying to stay right under.
You can like move over here and like, or you can move behind the rocks.
Like, I'm gonna assume that you can like.
Yeah, I've got it, okay.
All right.
Die, please.
All right.
So hold on.
Number three, stay on.
Who's up?
Who's up next?
Number three, but he's still in prison, right?
Yeah.
So he rolls the strength check.
He can shatter the chains.
He shatters the chains.
He is now through.
So he's now free.
Okay, so he can ignore this.
All right, he moves his way.
All right.
Who's next?
But team of number two.
All right.
If number two, we'll just take a swipe at Bramgrim.
All right.
Are you going to use it?
Let's see.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
All right, hold on.
DD20.
The 17.
What is Bramgrim done?
What's wrong with his uncle's one?
The first one hits.
It does 15 points of damage plus an additional 1v10 3D10.
20 points of damage.
Okay, Akritas has a constitution saving throw or concentration.
DC10.
Constitutional portion pinch?
Yeah, it's a concentration saving throat by William for Conquer Constitution.
14.
Okay.
You made your constitution saving throat.
Okay.
It's the beginning of things.
Yes, the beginning of the list.
Okay, number one is then.
So you want to try to break number two or at least?
He rolls over there and fails to break his compatriots.
He does.
So all the giant turns are free.
And he's going to move 10 more feet that way.
All right.
And it's Daein still.
Yes.
Okay.
We have to save Daein.
I mean, I can wish that point.
Are you going to try to kill it with a Vicious Mockery?
I'm trying to find a song about this exact thing, and I can't.
Oh, come on, really?
That's fine.
Should it take Vicious Mockery or?
Yeah.
I do.
You have to do at VC14 wisdom saving circle.
The king dies as what.
He's dead.
But you know, I want to hear the turn.
What do you stand up?
Keep going.
2014 challenge.
And just died to some words.
I have much more magic, but for the stretch and kids of the answer, why is that first way to go?
Don't talk like Matti Carlo.
24.
It's the first way to go and talk about Matti Carlo.
All right, can we say that with it?
All right.
Okay.
What do you say to it?
Yeah, but that's what you mean with it.
No, no, no, Vicious Mockery.
Like, you're making fun of it and it'll take together.
What do you think we're going to take?
He says, this is like, kill me now.
That's what they need.
No, he's not going to sing it.
There's only so much we can ask.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you for committing to the bit.
I don't know that I'm reading to leave it.
So thank you for committing to the bit of Mockery.
Yes, of course.
All right.
Okay.
So, what happens next?
This is going to be dead from screen class.
Yeah, about the screen.
Albert.
Albert, yes.
I mean, what do we do now?
We're not going to leave, right?
Well, right now there's two fire giants.
That the stone giant is going to fight.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, you have to leave somehow.
So the only problem is we have to see what the guy is going to be.
Yes.
Let's say Albert Waits.
Albert diswaits.
I guess.
Question.
Because he was putting October 210.
Let's have to move around for more than oh, yeah, yeah.
So if he gets advantage on us, it would throw.
All right.
Strength.
What's it?
What did I have to beat for the receptacles?
The 19 failed.
And for he makes it.
Okay, come on down.
Oh, 13 points of damage.
I'm sorry.
The damage of all the spell is number.
It's half damage though.
Yes.
Okay.
How much do I see?
What?
How much longer is that?
13.
13.
It's not a damaging spell, but it's just strength.
So you have the point of the spell was so that it has an advantage on it and literally drop it in either.
Okay, Bramgrim Castle.
All right, hold on.
I'm just trying to think.
I'll show the cover roll something to see if Pali died in the task test.
Okay.
So what's up?
Are you trying to decide what the Bram is doing?
Oh, the Bram is the Guardian of Faith.
Okay, but then he loses his concentration.
Why?
Guardian of Faith is a concentration spell.
It isn't.
I don't think so.
I take a look for it.
No, it's not the concentration that we need presentation.
Sorry.
What?
Yeah.
Okay.
It has a duration of eight hours.
It's about to sit here.
Oh my God.
I can't believe we did that.
All right.
So you put.
Yeah, I'm going to put it here.
So we'll attack all the pictures.
So every picture has to do.
Yeah, I know.
I read the little.
This is the reaction of the fire giant.
Going back to all right.
So,
yeah, you have to run 3D C17 extra.
I do.
Yes, for all the television.
Hold on, but let's just make sure it's on board when it's that.
What?
It has to start.
It's on its turn.
It's not now.
Oh, it's on the creatures plan?
Yeah.
Okay, who's up next?
I don't know.
I don't see that.
I just read it.
It said a large spectral guard.
Make sure you're reading the players handle 24 edition.
214.
No, 2024.
I'm still moving.
Oh, I have the 214 spell.
So I don't know if it has a concentration.
You can see its precipitation.
No concentration.
Okay, great.
That's why.
The only thing changes is when you move zoom draw.
So at the start of the creature's turn or when it enters the space.
Huh?
So design fire design number one.
Fire giant number one.
All right.
Let's see if this is guy.
He does 21.
He does 42 62 points of damage on the giant stone giant.
Oh my god, it's 62.
Yes.
On stone giant number.
Let's see who's attacking.
Fire giant one on Skogan Giant.
I think it's actually stone giant number three.
And then stone giant number two now three.
It picks up a rock and throws it at stone giant fire giant number three.
It's basically impossibly long.
All right, so instrument says to speed up the outdoor care about what the giants do.
Oh, the other two fire giants are done.
Well, you will in a second.
Why?
Takes 15 points of damage.
15 or 15.
15.
So fire giant two.
The helm horror.
All right.
So that like, let's, how about this?
I'm going to, how about this?
We're going to do this.
Fire giants do 60 points of damage each round.
Stone giants do stone giants just so we can keep track of it.
It's 60 and the other guys do
the 38 plus 6 or more.
24, 38, divided by 250 points of damage.
8 points, okay.
So it does 30 points of damage.
Oh, 30.
Yes, over two attacks.
Okay.
All right, so just the duct that hit points.
Now remember, you guys promised to help free the giants.
Yes, you did.
That's why I said you're going to care about this.
Okay, Felkur next.
I'm like, I don't care about this.
Okay, well, then I guess you go.
All right.
He has to derive.
These 19 strength six and hello and big state.
All right, because he loves.
No, he doesn't.
No, he's not in the ring.
Oh, yeah.
Fails both.
Fails both.
So it takes 20 from the guardian.
Yes.
Nick.
Damn it on black.
Oh, that way.
Restrained.
You can have this advantage level with anybody that needs that.
Okay.
Well, it blew both saving throws.
Actually, it is not both.
It yes.
12 points of damage.
12 points of damage.
Did you mark the 12 points?
No.
And you marked the 20?
Yeah.
All right.
It's probably my most effective plan yet.
Daein fire number two.
I'm just trying to think if the helm horn, well, he can actually attack this round.
He has an advantage on attacker.
I know, but I just.
I just see.
Does he have a ranged attack?
He's moving with discord terrain.
Oh, he could move, right?
It's difficult terrain.
It's not restrained.
He's restrained.
No, no, he's difficult terrain.
Oh, but it has a restraint condition.
If he blows the saving throw, he's restrained.
Otherwise, it's a restrained.
Yeah.
It's a difficult terrain.
Yes.
Okay.
Well, so he blew his saving throw, so he's restrained.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Does he have a little race?
That's what I'm about to check.
Are he just farming from now?
Hey, thanks for giving me that spell, by the way.
I did not.
This was not my idea.
Well, your idea was his idea.
No, I just like are you guys having fun?
Yeah.
All right, thank you.
I don't, in that case, this is a great session.
All right.
So, um, I'll finish this combat of being done or yeah, we should because I have to go for a run.
All right.
Giants, fire number two.
Wait, does he have a long period answer that?
No, it does not.
Moving on.
Okay.
Fire giant number two does 60 points of damage.
Your leader is dead, by the way.
Stop.
Yeah, but giants hate each other.
So they're not going to attack us.
They're going to fight each other.
Yes, but you made a promise to the stone giant king that you would free his slaves.
I should have failed.
Why did I?
I told the giants not to attack each other.
Anyways, we're leaving.
So now I have to kill two more fire giants.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to kill two more.
Just for the record, the other flag when you killed him showed the head.
You know, he's dead.
Maybe the other bit runs away.
It would have been fine.
But anyway, keep going.
Try to do some tickets.
So how much?
How many dumb sports damage pick?
60 and then 30.
It's 60 points of damage.
Yeah.
To fire stone giant number one.
60.
Okay.
Then it's behind number one.
England number one.
Behind number one.
House triangle.
I made a saving throw.
The second one.
Yes.
But there's only three of these attacks we've done, right?
So this is the last one, yes?
No, it's the second one.
Okay, sorry.
He blows it, takes 20 points of damage.
And half the damage of the 12th, right?
Doesn't take a damage.
Because he made his same throw.
So he steps over here, so that's 10 movement.
5, 10, 15.
Now 5, 10.
Little body in the way.
Yeah, he walked around it.
All right, 20.
He gets here and he is now going to hit Daein.
14, what's your armor toss, Daein?
21.
That's a miss.
14, that's another.
All right.
Also, road mount for the spring diagonal.
Oh, dude!
2D20 has advantage on that.
And he blows it.
Much damage?
Okay.
So top of the order?
Yes.
I guess so.
Okay, just turn it.
Yeah.
Put a one in number once.
Or and what other?
Actually, one of the chain one.
If you'll do the even WQ.
No, do the home for it because that one's closer to death.
I did.
No.
It says 20 HP.
Just old gold.
24.
If you want to leave it for your guardians, you can.
24, it's dead.
No, that's 43 points.
I know it has more points.
No, that doesn't mean for 12, so one more two.
All right.
Dead.
It's exact same damage.
No.
No.
Yeah, okay.
Not dead.
Why?
Because we don't deal there against for any damage.
Okay.
It's nine plus thirteen twenty.
Do you have a favorite phone?
Yeah, that's a true.
But yeah, second pass that.
That's more difficult.
Even that has to be alone as 60.
So it's one HP.
You're visual monitoring it again.
No, you did what?
20.
22 plus 5.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay.
Is Akritas monitoring it again?
Oh, probably.
All right, who's next?
Stone giant number three.
No, me.
No, stone giants.
Oh my god, what do we do?
What do we do?
Which one's still captured?
No one.
I don't want screen.
Everyone's free.
We'll have to start playing with the giants.
Or healing the stone giants.
One or the other.
Remember, you have your cold devices.
I have to get there.
Actually, no, I'm going to just start poking these guys.
You know, here, I'm just going to shoot one of them.
Okay, you climb up on the rock so that you're not shooting.
Just going to poke up my head and be like, haha.
Okay.
Hit.
Ooh, that's a good one.
23 points of damage.
We're using the cold device.
Yeah.
Right?
Then we're going to just go back again.
Okay, right?
Yep.
Poke your head up and poke your head back.
Well, okay.
Oh, I got you also got your candidate.
So when this want to poke my head out, I go like over here and then back, and then my camera goes one, two, three, and then fourth floor.
I ignore the fact it's fire damage, I can't change it for a fly first on the here, so it's it's fourth damage or fifteen points of damage.
Okay, fourth damage.
All right, Dixer is still for the fourth for yeah, uh, four people, and it gets knocked back five feet.
It's not back five feet, all right, which exposes him to another uh 15 points of damage from stone diet.
Okay, all right, who's next?
Uh, the number two, I think that's number two.
Let's see what Dan says.
Hey, coming saving throws.
Uh, first, he has to make a saving throw against Felkur.
Dexterity.
He makes it.
No!
Okay, so that he doesn't take 10 damage.
Okay.
And then a dexterity blows the other one.
The strength.
No.
Oh, wait, he's got no, it's already made the strength one.
He goes over here to step outside of the zone.
He makes a saving throw at the end of the turn.
So first he attacks twice, and this is both times.
All right, and now rolls for saving throw.
And this is the saving throws.
He's still alive.
Yes.
How much damage does that jump into?
I picked it 59.
Did you subtract the?
I'm doing 39.
I'm doing it right now.
Okay.
He's got the 10 to 60 though.
All right.
Stone giant number one.
Stone giant number one does 30 points of damage to fire giant number two.
30?
Yep.
Okay.
Dying.
All right.
Let's see.
Bramgrim does the number of the one types.
The plane by the one stage.
Well, I can imagine.
Oh, we'll see.
First attack.
It's
that is a new support.
I'm passing 20?
So that's only 12 pit points.
Bramgrim says something about you have to be a bar, didn't you?
I have to get to a both point fire.
Yes, that's why you don't have a third attack.
All right, who's next?
I think Vicious Mockery and the death.
I didn't have a sense to go there to get fish.
Who's next?
Out there.
By the way, Vicious Mockery is a bonus action.
Can I do it from afar?
Well, you're saying words like your luggage.
Oh, 660 pick.
And it's an action.
So I'll do it.
Oh, it's an action.
It's not a bonus action.
All right.
Owlbear.
And I don't want him to go die.
Owlbear charges.
Why did you say he's done?
Because that's what Owlbears do.
Did you ask me?
Is paint number one or number two?
Well, number two's got two stone giants.
Number one's got one stone guy.
So number two.
All right.
Lastly, often plug one six cleans.
That's a nice.
That's a hit.
So 13 pit points to number two, right?
Time number two.
Who's next?
Bramgrim.
Bramgrim.
Bramgrim, Bramgrim, Bramgrim.
Well,
I mean, it's few.
Other than the stone giants.
Other than the stone giants.
The stone giants can like move away if they don't want to die.
I guess we're going to use what we don't have is
you're going to use total big data gives you number.
So you have a little bit of a load and saving girl.
Or number three takes 20 or 30 points.
I accept you didn't mean to necrotic damage.
Can do that now.
Well, you didn't ask.
So we are going to points?
What?
Yeah, no damage.
Who's next?
It's fire given number one.
Fire giant number one
does 60 points of damage to stone giant number three.
Okay, stone giant number two does 30 points of damage to giant number two.
Fire giant number two.
Helm borer the singular helm horror has to make a bunch of single drills.
Yes, it has to do the dexterity and the strength.
Okay, the strength point he fails and dies.
Yeah, so the technical dexterity is still alive.
Yeah.
I'll just say.
All right.
Who's next?
Now we can just see 10 points.
The fire giant.
The Hemis.
The Fire Giant number two does 60 on Stone Giant.
Oh, notice he has to get six shoes.
Now it attacks the Stone Giant with 60 points on the Stone Giant.
Which Stone Giant?
Number one.
Okay.
All right.
Who's next?
The Philip number one.
Bramgrim number one attacks Daein.
She has to do a dexterity point.
And he does?
All right.
Big sentiment of damage.
He attacks twice.
And the second attack hits.
Or three to ten.
No, but three to ten.
For 27 points of damage.
Okay, then do the business and go for the speed weapon.
And he makes his wisdom save her.
Okay, so wait, Daein takes 24, 27.
Yes.
Down 73.
And this is Bramgrim number one, right?
Yeah.
That takes it and now it facilitates seven facet namely.
Okay, Akritas's turn.
Yes.
Akritas will attack number.
It's the same when number two.
Suit you so will
lightning arrow
by lightning arrow?
So let lightning arrow do that.
And he is dead.
He's dead.
Number two is dead.
All right, number two is dead.
Yes, but it's in constant number one and one point three does.
Actually, we do a normal attack.
And that's a bit or anything.
And hit points?
Okay.
Stone giant number three and one.
They're three and one, right?
No.
Stone giant number three and one.
Stone giant number three disengages.
Okay.
And decides to go over a code.
Number one.
Stone giant number one smasher fire giant number two for 30 points of damage.
Fire stone giant, right?
Okay, and it's Daein's.
Daein's number one.
Perfect piece.
It's also for a tortoise for 3 points and number one is dead.
And for how many rounds is it spelled down?
Which one?
Oh, one minute.
Or which spell?
The one that would have kind of stuck ourselves inside the room because we cannot do our side can before that you have.
Can I dismiss it?
You can get out.
Where Akritas is?
She can get out there.
Yeah, but how that's dying.
You want me to get you out of the cast?
I can use the.
You can go through drama.
I can also cast all in the wall.
No, I'm just telling you, you do.
I can cast a hole in the wall if that helps.
I don't see how far I can put.
You want me to transfer past wall?
No, I'm just one of the buttons.
How do you do the one that you do?
Okay.
So we can go here?
Yeah.
Um, Owlbear.
Um, Owlbear is almost dead, so we've got to take them now.
See 77, the panel is coming.
It's a deal.
Oh, you found a hole somewhere that's oh, no, I did not.
I do those stone giants are dead or a bit dead.
No, you're not.
Um, okay, Bramgrim.
Wait, did you skip my turn?
Yeah, we think we did.
Go for it.
Yeah, you know, I can't.
I couldn't got you guys all out.
It's fine.
We have to heal and protect and feed the fight.
Yes, that's why it would have been useful because I can cast hole in the wall and you can get through.
Well, then I still have to attack, so it wouldn't have its own secon and attack.
I know, you want me to cast the hole in the wall?
Yeah, the fire.
Cool, the foul hole that allows me to get through here.
Through from here to here?
Yeah.
Is that the border section or an action?
That's an action, it's fine.
I don't have a heel spell at least.
Because one of the giants is gonna be dead.
You have heal spells.
You have to hear people.
I have no pain to do it, though.
It's a guy with a touch skill spell.
Yeah, I can't.
Okay, it's fine.
If you have a hole, Bramgrim can go through and.
Yeah, that's what I did.
That's why that's now a hole.
And I just.
Hey, what's the problem for me?
It's 20 feet deep, so.
Yeah, 20 gram you can.
Yeah, this is 25.
Yeah.
Yeah, very good.
Okay, count Bramgrim to number one.
Yeah, I think if he's got the A game order.
How's the mask in horn?
That was the range for masking order.
60 feet, so there we go.
Yeah, I'm breathing.
Well, look at number one.
Never mind.
I would eat bones.
With number of one, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
I guess it's fire giant number of one.
Fire giant number one.
I'm just saying, fire giant number one, so you guys didn't notice her.
But the ultraloth walks in and casts banishment on him.
Oh.
Yes.
And revenance.
Revenance.
So.
Lovely.
Right.
Ah, what a lovely and screams.
Where is Drystan?
Is that a guy who just killed the people?
Yes.
We'll stop here.
The fire giant dead.
Can I say he wasn't the one who killed?
What have a memory spell?
Number one did it.
The other fire giant did it.
That guy did it.
We can point to the other guy and say, he did it.
That's stupid.
We killed your VBG too fast and needed something else to do.
No, I was thinking, what would she be doing?
She would be charging straight at Drystan.
What?
That wasn't the fire giant that you needed.
That wasn't the fire giant that killed you.
Yep.
See, that's the key.
Speed to the clock for again?
I can't vote.
Three clutch dot 20.
Or she figures out that Solom, or you could send her back to Solom.
Don't actually own it then.
We need a lab within one.
Yes.
But the problem is that it dies.
Who is the child so they're armed?
Well, she's gonna come back.
Yes.
I'm just telling you, you have options.
A good four and a half hour unique sessions.
What do you see come up?