Hello.
I think Zoom changed some defaults because when I joined, my camera didn't show and my microphone was off.
It's always doing something different for me.
Yeah.
How are you?
Oh, I'm doing good.
We finally have some furniture here.
We now have a rug and a dining room table.
And it's starting to look like a house and not like a great big empty place.
Was this one of those where like your old furniture didn't fill the space or it didn't work?
Well, we went from a place that was 800 square feet to a place that's 5,000 square feet.
Oh, yeah.
So you like can fill a corner of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's interesting for our new place because we were going super high-end and fancy, like we hired interior designers because we're like, I don't, you know, I want to do the whole thing.
And their default mode was like, of course you're buying new furniture for everything.
And so we got rid of a lot of our old furniture.
You know, some of it we moved into an ADU that we have here, right?
Because we're like, I don't want to spend like top dollar on new furniture for the EDU.
But a lot of it, like we're like, all right, we'll trust the people.
But I feel bad because a lot of our old furniture we got rid of stuff that we've had for a long time.
And, you know, you don't get any money for old furniture.
So, but I do love the results.
So.
Yeah.
Well, we're, I guess we're, I feel like we're kind of quirky, whimsical people.
And I'm, I'm not sure how I'd quite communicate it to an interior designer.
So well, so Rachel wanted, so our, our, our new house is kind of modern, like, but we want it to have a Northwest V.
So there's a lot of like woods and stuff like that in there.
And like the designer's default was going to be like, I don't know, like beige and white or something like that.
Right.
And we're like, no, we want more color.
We want more color.
We want more color.
And the architect wants these like clean lines and shadows and shit.
I'm like, okay, you can live in the house then.
Like, you know.
And, but the one thing was Rachel's office.
She's like, I want it to be wild.
I want it to feel like an old sort of Victorian study with like lots of stuff.
And so we were traveling in France and she found this, we were in this bar and they had this lamp was this like gold monkey like with a light bulb coming out of his head like holding a lampshade, right?
The thing's fucking awesome.
And we're like in this bar and we're like, oh man, that lamp is so awesome.
And we were there with friends and the friends went to this store and they were selling the damn lamp.
And so we bought the monkey lamp and we shipped it back to the US and it had a European plug on it.
And so I had to rewire it.
And did you know that the European light bulb fittings are slightly different from US, but close enough that you can actually sort of like YOLO it and the bulbs are interchangeable?
Oh, is that right?
Yeah, it's like a 55 versus 56 on the bulb standard or whatever, right?
And I'm just like, you look at these lamps and you're like, it's nothing but like you plug it into the wall and it delivers it to the light bulb.
So like 110, 220, who gives a shit, right?
And so we told the designers, we're like, design the room around this, this lamp.
And so the whole thing is really cool.
And then we were showing it to the original architect and he's like, well, this isn't going to fit with the right of, with the rest of the house.
And Rachel's like, fuck you, Lane.
It's my office.
This is what I want.
I don't think she said, fuck you, but definitely it came across.
Did I show you the lips?
Did the architect object to your choices?
Yes, because we were ruining the aesthetic of his house.
And I'm like, you're not paying the bills, Lane.
Wait, wait.
You dared to question the artistic integrity and vision of the architect?
I would love, well, I got to have you guys off here.
Did you play the game this weekend or this last weekend?
No, no, no, no.
It's the 26th.
We're playing.
I mean, I'd love to have you all up here sometime.
Like I got you know some beds and stuff.
No, I just I just want you to know that the reason I Ben's been trying to say something so why don't we let him say what he's been trying to say or did you did you show something oh I just I pasted a photo of the the couch that we bought into the general channel.
Yeah, that is I don't know the designers would be into that So given that we're all architects here and very opinionated and all handle people changing our systems in ways that we don't approve of long after we've let and show a demonstrated none of those behaviors that Joe described.
Oh, never.
Hold on.
If somebody's paying me and they're the paying the bills, then they get what they want.
That's what I'm saying.
Joe, yes.
Okay, Joe's a better man than I am.
But I do want to share with you, I do want to share with you an amusing story from a different context.
So my father is the great man of intensive care medicine.
And there is an architect, a very famous architect.
I can't remember his name now.
He's very famous.
The guy who dealt, he's done like things all over the world, right?
And so the Niarkhus Foundation, which donates about $500 million a year, decided they were going to build a state-of-the-art research hospital in Thessaloniki.
And so they decide to hire this architect because he's done a bunch of other work for them.
He's a brilliant guy.
And as every architect is, he looks at every design of every hospital ever made in disguise that he knows better.
Right?
I mean, don't we do this with every software system?
Yeah, I know.
My weekend project was doing a new UI framework, by the way.
So he knew better, right?
So he shows up and he just, so if you know anything about hospitals, they basically look like this.
There's a core, there's a central area where all the surgery and the machinery is, and sitting around it is the hospital rooms.
Why?
So that there's very fast, efficient, you can move the patient from their room to wherever they need to be very quickly.
It makes every makes everything just well-organized and a well-oiled machine.
I mean, he has pneumatic tubes.
No, no, he declared that that model was wrong.
You know, so every hospital on the planet was, you know, he decided to redesign it.
Now, my father is, is, is, let me just say that compared to my father, I have, I'm a pushover.
I'm unopinionated.
Like, I'm accommodating like hell, right?
And so my father's work.
So you've got this titanic architect ego and my dad's ego in the room, and they're arguing, right?
And this goes on for about two years with hundreds of millions and billions of dollars at stake as these hospitals need to be built, right?
I mean, and so there was like all sorts of endless debates because, you know, my dad cared about the functional elements of the hospital, and the architect cared about his aesthetic vision.
And so there was like endless, endless wrangling over whether the door would be on the left or the right side.
The arguments over the windows.
So when you said, you know, an architect and you were arguing over things, man, I've just spent like the last five years of my life.
Every other conversation with my dad has been about Renzo Piano.
That's the name.
Renzo Piano.
And the architects.
And so, yes, I was being sarcastic because I'm like, really?
An architect who, because at one point what happened was that the guy built the rooms in such a way that to get somebody in an emergency from the ICU, they had to go through three stairs, four doorways, whatever to get to the surgery.
Pneumatic tubes.
Yeah, and my dad's like, that won't work.
And he's like, why?
I mean, let's be honest, you go into a hospital and you know when you're hot, you're in a hospital, and it's like immediately depressing.
Yeah, yeah, no, yeah, I'm not, I'm not, yeah, so this is a this is a modern, it is a, it is a modern, it is, I kid you not, a work of art, but like as someone who had to sit through the two egos arguing with themselves.
Oh, here it is.
Here's here it is.
Here, I'll show it to you.
Oh, yeah, I want to see.
Can I just say the new laptops?
Because I have an M5 and I'm like on my M1 now, and this thing is like, it's putting out some heat now.
The new ones are more efficient.
Right.
So, so it's very already, I can already see the points of the contention.
So, you'll notice that he has two buildings.
Yep.
Not the one with the one pillar.
It's got a courtyard.
Yes, it's got a courtyard.
It's got, it's, you know, it's got all of these aesthetics.
And you'll notice this hallway over here.
This hallway over here was like a source of endless outrage and discussion because they needed to move patients from building A to building B.
And Renzo was, you take them downstairs, you move them across, and you move them up.
Don't you dare sully my architectural vision.
And my dad's like, you're going to make the nurses drag things up and down here for days.
So, yes.
So, anyway, this guy, this guy and my dad spent five years of my life arguing.
I just, because my mom has Alzheimer's, and so my dad would normally, my mother would normally be the victim of my dad's endless complaining.
But during COVID, he and I talked every day.
So I would have to listen to the endless debates about the Renzo Piano and how Renzo Piano does not listen.
And what do I think about architects who blah, blah, blah.
And, you know, I'm just kind of like going, yes, yes, all the architects I work with are like Joe.
They do what the customer wants.
Meanwhile, the president of the Nierfos Foundation is like going, I was able to shut down a hospital in Greece.
Like shutting down a hospital in Greece's public hospital is a big deal because you're firing a whole bunch of people, right?
And so it's a government employees, and we don't do that in Greece, right?
And so he's like, I've managed to shut down a hospital, but I can't build one because these two egotists can't agree on the location of the window.
I remember someone telling me that in Greece, if you need blood, then you have to go find people to donate it to you.
No, it's not that bad.
It used to be that bad, but it's not that bad.
Yeah, it used to be that bad.
It used to be that bad.
But no, no, things have changed a lot since then.
But yes, I just wanted you to know that that was, you know, yes, the building with the hallway.
I can't look at this without thinking of the five, my dad, like throwing a temper tantrum.
And poor Renzo Piano.
Poor Renzo Piano was kind of like the token guy my dad would get pissed off at because he had like my mom was sick and all his whole life.
And so Lorenzo Piano would like receive the full diatribe.
Well, whatever you say about someone named Piano, at least they're choir, right?
Yes, exactly.
All right.
Let us begin.
Are we going to kick some ass today?
Are we going to roll for initiative?
You were falling.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Like, just to be clear, we are going to roll for initiative, but I don't think you're going to like the result.
Well, no, I'm trying to remember because I got outs.
I don't remember where we were.
I will read.
I will read.
I used my outs and I lost.
I don't remember what I did.
It was bad.
Yeah, it was bad.
I mean, just so we're on the same page.
It was bad.
Bad things happened to you, my friend.
But yes, there should be combat this session.
I've prepared that.
Let me just go.
Okay.
With the battle in the high tower finally over, the party secured Ally Evanmore and stripped him of his key to the inner sanctum, giving it to Glabbagool.
Broken and desperate, Ally offered the party something everything had left.
He revealed the existence of a secret room beneath Candlekeep, holding artifacts of extraordinary power, guarded by a cryptogram.
He had spent years quietly researching.
He knew the answer to two of its riddles: Fustiligus, the base insult magically enchanted centuries ago under one of the oversized black marble chess pieces, and a bow, the reply of the legendary halfling bard Batbayar's statue.
When Ally one night had applauded Bo and the reply.
Yeah, okay, so the party regrouped in the investigator's office, where Ally Evanmore, whose photographic memory allowed him to reproduce the cryptogram in full, spread the riddle across the floor for every sharp mind in the room to examine.
Silvara Savicas arrived shortly after, grateful for the party's efforts and eager to help Candlekeep in this moment of crisis, though too weak from her illness to act herself, and still unaware that her son Mozikodo lay dead by the party's hand.
She laughed at the riddles as almost too easy, provided the true name of Miriam, the Sentinel Worm, and the dragon guardian of Candlekeep.
This is important.
As to the ants, to the answer to the first riddle, and identified the Eastern Light of Mistara's mantle, Limniz, as an obscure star recorded in the charts of the Orre of the Astronomicon, though she noted with quiet unease that three unfamiliar figures had been seen inside the Orrey when she passed it.
Working together, the party decoded the later substitution cipher of the cryptogram, with Thorn leading the effort with an assist from a cryptogram site and a lively argument over whether certain glyphs were an I or a J, to the stunned admiration of every scholar in the room.
Grygum solving in Paliar supplied the one line Thorn had missed.
The full text revealed a sequence of instructions: feed the quill of Aloando the seer, tread as many steps as he lived in years, utter the original prophecy to unseen ears.
Unseen ears, I'm going to just copy and paste this so you guys have it.
Sprinkle dust of mechanists on dormant gears, one last guardian of knowledge remains to verify the chosen reader's claims.
And those that well, and those well-versed in Candle Cleep's lore may fearlessly pass the Obsidian door.
All right.
I'm going to put this in the chat.
I think we should have had a little more fear.
What do you mean?
Oh, okay.
Blah, blah, blah.
Kaylin Strongbranch arrived huffing and puffing moments later, eager to contribute a clue he had solved, only to find the party had already cracked the entire cipher, leaving him to recover his composure and insist on being useful anyway by identifying the statue of Aloando in the founder's court.
The party made their way to the founder's court and the house of Aloando, where a great brass statue of the ancient seers stood upon a dais, bearing a quill and an empty ink pot worn smooth by centuries of superstitious scholars touching it for luck.
The superstition being that touching the quill guarantees a well-critiqued piece of academia.
After a brief debate over whether ink blood or the poisoned ink sample was the appropriate offering, I'm actually not actually.
Evil, so I'm going to start with ink.
The party borrowed from ink from the assembled scholars and poured it into this statue's ink pot.
The dais ground forward with a deep mechanical groan, revealing a long, unlit staircase descending into the darkness below.
Thorin's observation.
What was Thorn's observation?
What did I observe?
I don't remember.
Thorn's observation.
Yeah, I know.
Thorin's observation that in all those centuries nobody had thought to put ink in the pot drew looks of horror from the scholars.
Why would anyone deface the thing?
To know how many steps to count, the party needed to know how long Aloando lived.
A fact, nobody present knew.
And one of the truths one of the problems with this, with all these scholars, is that there apparently are no young students around to cause trouble.
And so, rather than hunting down the biography Aloando the Wonder Years in the Hall of Momentous Deeds, they traveled to the grove where Candlekeep's keepers of tomes were buried, finding his grave and learning he had died at the age of 97.
What the prophecy provided by the scholars who knew it by heart, the party still needed one final ingredient: dust of Mechanis, required to sprinkle on the dormant gears described in the riddle.
They made their way to the house of Mechanis, a rectangular building with a blue roof and a clock tower, where the Gnome librarian Spanner sometimes I wonder at DD module writers and their names oversaw oversaw 13 modrons, strange box-like mechanical creatures from the plains of Mechanis and their precise and orderly work, sort of like an OCD's person's wet dream.
Spanner explained that the dust was the most perfect lubricant in existence, and that the only way to obtain it were to kill one of his modrons.
Absolutely unacceptable.
And the party agreed.
We don't kill librarians.
They are our friends.
Ordy used the specialized tools his modrons had crafted.
Spanner wanted collateral.
Theron pointed out that they only needed the dust, not the tools.
The party persuaded Spanner to lend them the tools, and he agreed on the condition that Zalthir and Glabbagool remain behind for a study of their mechanical symmetry.
An interview Zalthir accepted on the condition of constructive feedbacks.
Deferred until after the descent.
The Modrons then performed a strange synchronized dance as they deliberated amongst themselves in a language no one else in the room could begin to understand.
Armed at last with everything they needed, the party descended the hidden staircase beneath Aloando's statue, counting each step carefully toward the 97th.
Daz positioned himself higher on the stairs for a clear line of sight, while the others spread out below.
Grygum pouring 40 points, four points of healing into Zalthir, who was 27 points with no short rest taken.
Thorin, suspicious of the GM's repeated questions about exact positions, was proved right.
Without warning, a 10-foot section of the staircase hinged open beneath their feet, catching everyone standing between the 93rd and 102nd steps.
Daz, safely above, cast telekinesis to arrest the fall.
Everyone but Thorin caught hold of the stairs and scrambled clear.
But Thorin lost his footing entirely and plummeted downward into the vast circular well below, his fate uncertain as the darkness swallowed him whole.
All right.
Nice.
Just to recall, you also have, you also, it wasn't in the summary, but you've also taken one of the avowed that's coming with you, you know, as a researcher and all things.
All right.
We wanted somebody who is an expert on the history of Candlekeep.
Yes.
And it turns out there was somebody there.
And as you correctly pointed out, he was, you know, not.
He wasn't one of the well-known scholars.
Right.
I mean, who studies the history of a university?
Only the scholar does not.
Top scholars, but the ones who are talking to you when you ask.
Yeah.
But this is that one time when, you know, it's kind of like that one time when the dermatologist gets called to the ER.
I mean, you laugh, but like when my wife had that sinus thing, there was like an ENT that had to come in and like rotor sinuses in an emergent thing because it was like a serious infection.
She was like technically septic.
So, you know.
Oh, wow.
I didn't say it doesn't happen.
I know, but it is rare.
Yeah.
They don't have one.
They don't have a resident in the ER who specializes in.
No, no, it's not like they're living there.
Yeah.
There's a great TV show called Scrubs where it shows like the ER doctor, the dermatologist running to the ER, acting like dermatology emergency.
All right.
Okay.
So you are falling.
That is your problem.
And I think I had already checked to see if I have anything that I can do about that.
Let me look one more time, though.
It's not on my regular spell list.
All right.
So.
I guess a gust of wind wouldn't help.
All right.
Okay.
So you have nothing.
Okay.
So Zalthir has fallen.
Zalthir keeps falling.
He's falling into the Zalthir.
Sorry.
Thorin.
Thorin.
Thorin has fallen.
Sorry.
Sorry, Gabe.
Sorry.
I thought I was going to grab him or something.
Well, what happened was that Thorin fell through and then, what's his name?
Pulled up the, used telekinesis to move it, close the gate.
Close it or just kind of stop it from going all the way down?
Stop it from going all the way down.
So you're going to rush after him?
Is that your plan?
I mean, I can fly.
Sure.
Why not?
By the way, this came up.
How can you fly?
Your ninth level dragonborn can fly?
My first-level dragonborn could fly.
Oh, really?
That is my recollection.
Let's see.
I'm happy to have that ruling.
I just want my AI systems were all screaming, he can't fly.
I'm like, yes, he can.
Canonically, Gabe's characters fly.
That's the rule.
That's a house rule.
Yeah, canonically, Gabe's characters fly.
And if they can't, they immediately find an artifact that allows them to fly.
So we can just skip the.
Anyway, I don't, I mean, whatever.
Okay.
Let me research while you continue.
Yes.
All right.
Okay.
Well, no, we need to know what you're.
So we'll assume you're flying.
Either you drank a potion of flying or you're flying with your, you're flapping with your wings.
Do have a potion of flying, worst case.
Yes.
So one way or the other, you're flying.
All right.
Glabbagool is screaming, wee!
Meanwhile, Dawnbringer is going, not this again!
As you're falling down into the darkness.
All right.
Zalthir, what are you doing?
You're racing after him?
Okay, that worked.
I put the action in roll 20.
Oh, it's level 5.
Okay, it was level 5, right?
Okay, so that's fine.
I'm going to assume that I used all the potential outs that I could have had because I was like, did I use a lock point?
Yeah, I used them all.
And I just had a series of really shitty rolls.
Yes, yes.
I believe we were all staring at the shitty rolls in awe.
Yeah, it was amazing.
It was like ones and twos and stuff.
Yeah, it was all of us.
Yeah, it was just like pretty impressive.
Okay, so yes, I'm flying and I am ridiculously fast.
So I don't know how I assume I can catch up to him.
Well, I mean, you know, this is where I have to look up the rules.
How fast does a character fall in 5th edition?
Are you trying to say you can fall faster than him?
Is it a.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just like, what is the.
I can walk.
Rather, I can fly at my walking speed, and my walking speed is fast, and then I can do like triple speed walking.
No, no, no, no, no, I, I, okay.
Oh, and I can teleport.
I forgot about that.
Yes.
All right.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
It turns out you fall.
Okay.
In Dungeons and Dragons, an optional rule from Xanathar's Guide to Emda states that a character falls 500 feet in a six-second run.
500 feet in six seconds.
Is it?
But is he like the same speed as the European or the African?
So strictly speaking, you're faster, but you're faster if you don't try to fly down, but just fall.
500 feet or only.
So, Gabe, here's what I'm willing to do.
Gabe, here's what I'm willing to do.
All right.
He falls down 500 feet.
You realizing that flapping your wings down isn't going to catch it, decide to plummet along with him.
How dark is it?
Dark.
Okay.
Can I just shadow step to him?
Well, I mean, given that he fell 500 feet.
Yeah, you can, like, once you get down at around 500 feet, you can shadow step to him.
You can fly to him.
I'm just going to assume at some point in time, you guys are at the same level.
For what it's worth, my plan was to immediately fall with him.
So I assume we're about at the same height regardless.
Right, right, right.
So, yeah.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
You can't catch up with him as he's falling, but you can definitely catch up with him because it turns out you've just fallen 500 feet and you're still falling.
That's really far.
I think.
Are any of us not falling?
Yeah, so the rest of you manage to scramble.
Like Daz is still using telekinesis to keep everything in place.
I am watching.
Wow, guys.
Can Thorin do something to slow his fall?
Like wind resistance?
I don't know.
Well, you can catch him.
Like I'm saying, you can catch him.
Oh, so I catch up.
Okay, so I can grab him.
Yeah, yeah, no.
I mean, I don't understand.
My point is you catch up at 500 feet.
You don't catch up at the very top.
That's the thing.
Understood.
Yeah, we're way down, but he's not falling anymore.
No, no.
No, no.
No, he's like holding on to you, giving you a hug, and you're like, and Glabbagool is saying one should always be Zen.
Yes, we're very Zen in the moment.
Yeah, Glabbagool's also wondering, is this too much hugging?
There are worse things, Glabbagool.
Am I dead?
No, no, no.
Canonically, you've grabbed Zalthir, and Glabbagool's asking if there's too much hugging.
I mean, Glabbagool's all about the hugging.
Let's be clear.
He's all about.
A little bit too in your space, as far as I know.
It's all about the oozing.
What is this oozing without being oozed?
All right.
So you catch up with him.
Now, okay, so there's still another 500 feet to go.
Would you want to go explore what's down or do you want to go up?
I mean, I think the point was to go down, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was.
Yeah.
How about we go gracefully down and just see what's there?
Hey, are you guys okay down there?
So far.
Thorin, what do you respond with?
I'm like, I'm still kicking.
All right.
The avowed thing that you've dragged around is look, raises an eyebrow.
Come back up for us.
Or do you want to?
So are you going down?
Is that what I'm hearing?
I mean, we're already halfway down.
We could just go scout a bit.
All right.
All right.
So down we go.
We keep going.
Sounds good.
All right.
All right.
So you fall as you drop another thousand feet, 500 feet, and then you hit a featherfall zone.
Oh.
So there is no danger here.
Nope.
Just, you know.
Phew.
So I guess you'd shout to everybody, jump!
Yeah.
Oh, God, that's going to be hard for me.
Literally?
Like, should someone push you?
Yeah, I might.
Oh, you know, I'll just say a quick prayer and I don't know.
Take it from there.
Yeah.
All right.
And hope that the feather fall works for me, too.
Yes.
So you all fall down.
Daz, I presume you also jump.
Yeah, I mean, I want to get split from the party.
My whole trying to hold the thing up and save us all didn't work.
Look, if all your friends jumped off the stairs, would you?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I mean, isn't that the whole point of adventure?
Just to be clear, though, do the 50 scholars behind us jump too, or do they hang out up there?
No, no.
But all one of the scholars is with you.
Yeah, I think only one came down.
That's suspicious.
Okay.
Well, I mean, wait, he's like, I'm the scholar of the historical scholar of whatchamacallit?
Candlekeep.
Sorry, that was not.
That was me.
I hope he forgot.
Of Candlekeep.
This is an area that has been, you know, I didn't even know it existed.
Come on, man.
The water's fine.
He's going.
I intend to write a very long monograph.
I'm beginning to sense that monographs are the thing that everybody likes to write here.
All right.
All right.
So you land on a single tunnel, which leads straight ahead.
Okay.
All right.
The single passage leads to a huge.
Okay, let me just, I'm going to draw on a new map so that you guys don't get confused.
Because I know this group is very,
you know, can I just say something?
This product used to be easy to use, and then the enterprise took over, and now it's become like a pain in the ass.
And it's got 100 features.
I'm trying to remember where everything was.
You know, and I'm now looking for a simpler version.
Sorry, I'm just.
I know a lot of people who use, what is it, Owlbear?
Yeah, no, there's lots of different tools, but I'm just being silly.
Every time I use a product, I'm like, oh, God, you know, this is the downside of AI.
All right.
Okay.
You should see a blank screen.
Are you on a blank screen?
Yes, you are.
I do see a blank screen.
All right.
So I assume it's blank because we're 1500 feet below the camera.
Yeah, the single passage leads to a huge cylindrical cavern, some 200 feet high and 100 feet across.
And the player, you find yourselves entering the cavern halfway up this chamber.
The cavern is thick, acrid, and sweltering, hot, and looking down from the small ledge that juts from the passage into the candard, you behold a steaming lake of molten lava some hundred feet below.
All right, so let me see if I can draw this.
Okay, so it's 200 feet high and 100 feet across.
So let me see if I can draw this.
So this is the bottom.
All right.
And so we'll just draw red to indicate lava.
You have like millions of dollars of GPUs at the touch of your fingers and you're like scribbling.
Yes.
I love it.
Go analog, man.
Dude, you know what?
The technology, the world's technology.
All right.
And so this is the top of it.
All right.
Okay.
This is 200 feet.
All right.
And you guys appear on a ledge.
I'm just going to use a purple line so it's obvious.
Okay, except that it's using the wrong tool.
And that 200 feet is up and down, right?
Yeah, it's like you arrive.
You are at 100 feet.
And we're on the purple line?
Yes, and you are on the purple line.
And we'll place the party.
And you are on the purple line.
All right.
So this is what the situation looks like.
All right, directly ahead in the center of the chamber is a three-foot, a three-floor stone tower, similar in style to some of the older spires in the great library.
All right, so there is a three-taller, there's a spire, there's a tower, right?
So floor one, floor two, floor three.
Basically in the lava?
Yes, but it's, of course, not in the lava because, you know, whoever wrote the module realized that somebody would observe that, is it in the lava?
So why isn't it melting?
It's only.
I mean, it's DD, so the answer is magic.
No, no.
Have you not read the Candlekeep archive?
I guess I have not read all the canon.
Yeah.
No, sorry.
Okay.
Directly ahead in the center of the chamber is a three-stone tower similar in style to some of the older spires in the great library, as your avowed guy says.
Ah, yes, this is a classic example.
And he starts spewing of the architectural style invented by the Candlekeep avowed architect.
Many of these samples have been destroyed as a result of needless rehabilitation and expansion of towers as we fought for constrained space in the library.
This in and of itself was worth a trip.
I'm pretty sure there are some spells that allow you to listen to what somebody's saying from across the room.
They need to have spells that allow you to just mute people around you.
Or like dampen it, you know?
Like a mixer board for everybody that's standing around you.
You could totally.
Like a remote, you can turn somebody down.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, Discord has that for if you use the Discord chat feature, you can pop people down.
Yeah.
Okay.
The tower is mounted on a thin pedestal made of glassy black obsidian that soars from the pool of lava, while a double door of the same material stands opposite you, but 30 feet away with no obvious way of getting there.
Well, I mean, not if this, not with this group.
The base of the tower is surrounded by a narrow walkway, and on the opposite side of the walkway, a flat stone bridge leads from the back of the tower to a second tunnel opposite the one you came down.
All right.
So there's another.
Let me just see if I got this right.
There's a tunnel out of the top layer of the layer cake there.
All right.
Base of the terrace around our arch and on the opposite side of the walkway, a flat stone bridge leads from the back of the tower to a second tunnel opposite the ones you came down.
All right, so there's another sort of walkway over here.
Sorry.
This should be purple.
And we'd have to figure out how to get over to it somehow.
Yes, I mean, but with this party, that should be.
This reminds me of an old sort of platform jumper video game.
Yes.
Okay.
The ledge you find yourselves on extends just five feet into the cavern and features several cogs and mechanical components embedded in the stone.
What?
Are mechanical components embedded in the stone?
Yes.
So this is where, you know, remember, you were looking for mechanist dust.
So you can try to get it.
We brought it with us.
Okay.
So you have the, don't forget, you have the mechanist tool, so you can try using that.
So I think it would be worthwhile looking at the mechanical components.
Any idea what they're for?
Well, so roll in investigation.
Sure.
All of us or just.
Well, then there's DAZ.
Then there's DAZ.
Investigation.
Yeah, my passive investigation is 24, and I roll with advantage.
So let's see what happens.
18 and 13.
So 31?
Or is it?
No.
No, those are the two roles.
The 18 is the one that counts.
All right.
So if my passive investigation is 24, then...
Yeah, we've established that, you know, if you investigate something, you know, you go for full Sherlock Holmes.
Yeah.
All right.
So what you've uncovered is that this mechanical system is, in fact, a way to extend the bridge.
Ah.
Oh.
Well, that would be more convenient than just trying to jump across the lava.
Yes.
So you have to use the tool to do that.
So if we use the tool, we can basically expand the bridge.
Yes.
We don't have to.
Okay.
Let's try it.
Let's do it.
While you're looking at that, you realize it's fortunate that you brought the tool because you notice one of those warning kind of like be calm that says that warns that this area, this entire airspace is surrounded by an anti-magic field.
Okay.
So you couldn't just use magic to fly.
Wasn't that supposed to be this whole central area?
But I guess what we found out was that it was disabled anyway.
So no, there was a force field that protected teleportation magic from coming in or out to Candlekeep.
It also prevented fire from being cast.
Fire, okay.
Right.
And this is more general.
Yeah, this is a, so this is sort of a general, let me just put it, anti-magic area.
But thanks to your clever use of the mechanical tool, you are able to, the bridge sort of grinds.
I really like the soundboard that our GM uses for dance.
I don't know if that was a soundboard.
It's called the Mark I vocal cord.
That's a good one.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
So you arrive at
okay, so you arrive at the door opens and you finally arrive at a dungeon.
All right.
Just make sure.
Hold on.
I have the dungeon, but I forgot to get the version that has the numbers on it.
Give me a second.
This will take all of one second.
Of course, this is where DD Beyond fails me.
Right?
Right.
You arrive.
All right.
Okay.
I have the answer.
All right.
So let me just do this to place the party.
Okay.
We are.
Okay.
Everything should be black right now, which is to be expected.
And polygon.
All right.
We've fallen into darkness.
No, you haven't fallen into darkness.
The darkness has fallen into you kind of thing.
So to because like Castaneda's, I mean, I could, you could watch as you could watch me struggle with technology, or we can just assert that you're now standing inside of a tower.
And so this is imagine.
And so there's like multiple levels to this tower, but like I didn't use all of the technologies that I have at my disposal.
So there's a door.
Would you like to open the door?
I mean, after all, you've arrived at this tower and whatever, and you know Manshoon has beaten you to this, so going through this door, door seems to be.
Yes, I opened the door.
All right.
As you, just as a side note, the tower's stone walls are unadorned except for several sconces lit with continual flame spells
and four mounted crossbows.
All right.
Okay.
So you, okay.
So you enter this chamber.
All right.
Okay.
So you enter the chamber.
We will be using the orange markers for the map squares, not the under the gritty thing underneath.
Okay.
So let me see what happens over here.
As soon as you enter the guard, enter the chamber.
Disarming.
Nothing happens, right?
No, no, no, no, nothing happens.
As soon as you enter the chamber, nothing happens.
No, no, no, no.
I'm now, I've lost my, I lost my sight.
Ah, there we go.
Okay.
Okay, so we're not there yet.
Okay.
So you arrive in this area.
All right.
As you enter.
Okay.
The only room's only noteworthy feature is a tiny iron statue of what looks like a winged owlbear that sits atop an eight-foot high stone pedestal.
A staircase runs benehind the pedestal up to the next floor of the tower.
All right.
As soon as you enter, the guardian, which I guess is the owlbear, iron statue's large eyelids open to reveal white glowing eyes while its wing unfolds and it flies directly up and hovers 12 feet above the ground.
All right.
All right.
Halt, seekers.
Before you consult the mysteries stored herein, you must prove yourselves a worthy keeper of secrets.
Three questions you must answer before I let you pass.
Fortunately, you brought yourself.
It's like tip-top A plus DD right here.
Is that right?
Questions three, you must answer.
Ah, yes.
Three questions you must answer.
Not two, not one, not zero.
If thou shalt answer zero, one or two, bad things shall happen.
All right.
All right.
Where is the only refuge for flames in Candlekeep?
Do we know that from that word puzzle thing that we have?
Oh, anybody write down the text for that?
So, so no.
So, just as a side note, if you roll a nominal, let's say, history check.
I know you told us about this at one point, but I don't remember.
Yeah, that's fine.
I'm apparently not the one.
I mean, fortunately, Daz remembers the one place where you can have fire, which is the hearth, because that was the only place he wasn't cold.
Yeah, okay, I got a heart.
Yes, yes.
Well done.
Well done.
Well done.
The avowed guy who's coming in.
I knew the answer to that.
But, you know, it's, he goes, if you're going to answer the questions, I'm going to just over here.
All right.
Then he goes, Now comes the second question.
Which holy triumvirate patron, the great library?
All right.
Roll in a religion check.
Oh, I'm good at that.
Yes.
19.
Oh, no, 26.
You're even better.
Oh, my God.
Did you roll?
I got three with my plus two.
Thorin, are you choosing to be quiet in this?
I got nothing to add.
Okay, I'm just asking, right?
Okay.
So, Grygum, you, of course, remember who it was.
It was Oghma, Deneir, and Milil.
Of course, I remember that.
Right.
Of course, you remember that.
And, you know, you barely resist the temptation to explain exactly how they founded Candlekeep, et cetera, et cetera.
All right.
All right.
The third question.
And this is the most difficult of all the questions.
Uh-oh.
Once upon a time, every member.
Oh, sorry.
How many of a comment than a question?
No, no, that was the no, that was.
He goes, the owlbear goes, sorry, sorry, reading from the answer key.
My mistake.
Get my mouth shut.
It's been a while.
It's been a while.
It's been a while.
But don't you worry.
If you fail, I will tear you to shreds and destroy you.
I've been waiting a long time.
I've been waiting a long time to do this.
This is something I have trained for in my head.
It would be no less than your duty.
Exactly.
I was built for this.
How many feet does the high tower of exaltation reach above the sea?
Would we know that?
I mean, like, one of the dudes with us doesn't know it.
Yeah.
What?
We got all the scholars with us, right?
No, no, you got the one scholar.
Yeah, but this Candlekeep scholar.
He would.
Yeah, no, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, um, so we stare at him.
What's his name?
Um, uh, what's his name?
We stare at what's his name.
What's his name?
Sorry, I do not have it.
I do not have his name right now.
All right.
He's staring.
I've got all the difficult questions.
I have a book.
It has names.
You don't think I was going to like, what?
I have many books.
All right.
He goes, Edvaldo Sedanur.
Edvaldo, this seems like the sort of question that you would know the answer to.
Well, you know, this was one of those things.
Every member of the avowed was expected to know the answer to this question.
Apparently, there was a reason.
So they all have a slightly different answer, maybe.
No, no, no, no, no.
But, you know, however, the practice of memorizing such dry details has long fallen out of fashion in Candlekeep.
So you guys don't know.
He goes, but I do have a, I do, I do know something.
It's over 500 feet.
It isn't some kind of trick like the, you know, like the tower is actually below sea level or something like that, right?
Right.
So because you brought the avowed guy, normally the DC is an insane 23.
I have reduced it to 16 nature check.
Nature?
Yes, yes.
All right.
Pony.
You got it?
So did Thorin.
Thorin and Daz.
All right.
So Thorin and Daz, you are able to answer the question correctly, to which the owlbear goes, you have answered all three questions correctly.
You may pass.
Cool.
Now, could we have taken him?
I mean, I was tempted to just try anyway.
Okay.
You want to, Thorin?
Could be fun.
I mean, you know, what you got on him?
I mean, you could still just attack him if you felt.
But we don't know what's ahead.
We don't want to, like, you know, this is the problem with DND.
You're always like, should I use this spell or should I save it for later?
And you never know.
I mean, we can always, at this point, we can save doing something stupid for later.
Yep.
That's fine.
Maybe he'll stay here in the worst case.
Get him on the way back.
There's that.
So we can ask him.
So now that we've answered your questions, what's next for you?
Are you done with your duties down here?
When do you get off?
All right, hold on.
I need to check something.
Yeah, do you think these guys have shifts?
Yeah, hold on.
Okay.
Although this was all very entertaining.
All right.
As you're about to,
as you're about to go upstairs, you hear a cough.
That's not the guy that just questioned us.
Somebody else.
No, no, no.
Where is it coming from?
From outside.
Okay.
Sorry, outside, like where we came from behind us?
Yes, outside from the lava channel, from where the lava is.
Can we see who's coughing?
Yes.
Well, I mean, I presume I'm just asking, do you go outside?
No, just turn around and look.
Okay.
You see a spectral silver dragon.
The lava is going through her and coming out the other side.
Through what part of her?
Through her hole.
Okay.
One.
And she asks one question.
She's looking at you and she's looking very grouchy.
Okay.
I would be if lava was going through me, too.
So she says, Hmm.
Someone entered this chamber without being a reader.
Are we like a Candlekeep avowed or something?
Is that what they're upset about?
No.
A reader of what?
He goes, so one of you may have.
I have my copy of Milo's Adventures.
I'm appointed as a reader or something.
I'm a reader.
All right.
So she sits there and she goes.
You mean you're like 1500 feet below the Candlekeep and you're worried about academic appointments?
No, she goes.
So sorry.
So I just want to make sure how I articulate it.
She says, Manshoon entered my keep.
Oh, the that guy.
Yes.
Well, we don't like him either.
The protections fell when he entered.
Okay.
Yes, he did they enter.
He goes, he's still inside.
Interesting.
Do you know where?
No.
We would like to remove them.
You would.
That is part of our goal, yeah.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
Good.
So, so one of you, okay, she's so while you're sitting there, you realize that she is one of the verses of, she is one of the verses of the poem.
One of the verses.
Oh, of the poem.
Yes.
Let me pull it back up.
One last
to verify the chosen reader's claims.
But those well versed in Candlekeep's lore may fearlessly pass the obsidian door.
Right.
Oh, is have we already seen an obsidian door?
Is there one here?
Yeah, yeah, that's the one you just walked through.
Oh, okay.
Right.
So which one is she then?
She is the unheard ears.
Oh, so she's the one who dropped the flora under us?
Yes.
Well, you said the magic words, right?
She's the last line in that verse.
Well, she's seen now, so yes.
So she asks, one of you is the reader, the rest of you are witness.
Which is which and say it in the right order?
Oh, one of us read the words.
Or is reader like a title in the keep, right?
You're we read the words aloud, I think.
Someone did.
I have a feeling it was me, but I don't remember for sure.
It was you, actually.
All right.
I am the reader.
I can read it again if you'd like.
So she then says, Tell me something about Candlekeep.
Well, we know about anything.
You could pick anything.
You could talk about the endless chant, the books, like just prove that you know something.
Oh, yeah.
I talk about all of the all the books that we've looked into and some of what we had to track down recently.
She goes.
So she goes, very well, reader.
She pauses and says, you may grant a request.
Wait.
Yes, she will go.
Okay.
She goes.
And so the requests you can ask.
All right.
Does she know anything about this whole murder mystery?
There were some loose ends that we needed to tie up.
Well, I mean, so things you can ask her, right?
You can ask her to hold the door.
Nothing leaves the whole area until she says so.
All right, so let me just write these down.
Can we ask her to join the party?
You can ask.
She may say no.
Can we have her fight the owl bear?
No.
Like, no, we grab lunch together.
Like, she's like, no.
He's my bud.
What are you talking about?
All right.
So you can hold the door.
She can fight.
You can ask to fight behind us, fight beside us.
You can.
Those are the things that she can do.
Well, if the bad guy's already in there, right?
Like, we don't need her to hold the door.
Hold it against whom?
Well, from him from leaving.
Oh.
Right.
So he could escape, for example.
Could she join forces with us long enough to try to defeat the guy who's down here before us?
So, you guys have to pick your question, so ask yourself.
Costatis did say fight beside us.
I think that was an option.
Yeah, it was an option.
Yeah, I think that's more useful than just standing there waiting, like playing goalie.
You know what I'm saying?
I think so too.
So, these are the three questions.
We asked her to fight beside us to defeat the interloper.
Wait, wait, sorry.
Hold on.
What's that middle option?
Are we all who say we are?
Oh, is one of our party like they're supposed to be?
Are we a mimic?
Well, is it the useless dude?
Wait, what about the useless dude, the bad guy, maybe?
Or somebody replaced Glabbagool with a mimic?
But don't we have some mystery about one of us?
I'm trying to remember who.
Yes, you've got Daz's mystery.
Oh.
Maybe we could find out more about Daz's mystery.
Oh, tell us what he took is interesting, too, because presumably he came down here for a reason, and we don't know why.
But she already said she doesn't know where he is.
Would she know what he took?
I mean, those are different questions.
He took something and left, I'm sure.
So the other thing, okay, there's one detail that I did not, I got wrong, so just to be clear.
So
the anti-magic field, it doesn't extend full 30 feet.
It extends only 10 feet.
Okay.
So if you're looking at the bridge, it's only for the first 10 feet.
Right.
And so Daz,
right.
So Daz notices that.
So it was a 10 feet.
I'm sorry, I got that wrong.
Still needed the bridge, but we have some magic at the edges.
Right, right.
So the first 10 closest to the bridge are not.
And so she's like sitting there waiting for one of you to ask something.
So we need to figure out what we want to ask.
Right.
Okay.
So apparently.
Okay, so apparently this was.
Can we ask more than one?
Is there a chance for us to?
Hold on.
So to make this a little bit more.
Okay, so I'm sorry.
Okay, so she looks at you very irritated, and she says, Well, since you don't know what to ask for, and it's been centuries since anyone came here,
and you do, she looks at Zalthir, look the calculating type.
And she looks at you, Daz, and goes, and you do look like as if you're always searching for an angle.
And then she can't help but notice Grygum is a cleric of Muhammad.
Tis true.
And she goes, And you are a cleric of the great god Muhammad, the platinum god who soars above.
And, you know.
I dare not deny it.
Yes.
And you are.
Are you an orc?
I can never remember.
Yes.
And an orc, no less.
Well, the orcs have occasionally allied with the dragons.
If you say so.
All right.
So here's what she can do: she can hold the curtain, which means she can widen the anti-magic band to 30 feet
for 10 minutes.
So that's something if you're going to fight Manshoon, who's a wizard, that might be very useful.
That could be very useful.
That does sound very useful, yeah.
Right.
And she's because Grygum is a cleric, she's now explaining it because out of she pauses and then pauses for a minute and says, where do you stand on the question of the age?
Yes.
I founded a new school that holds that there are certain fixed points among which we may make our own paths.
She pauses and goes, Why wisdom, wisdom truly flows from Muhammad into you, cleric of Muhammad?
I feel truly inspired.
Okay, so witness the power of my God.
Right, she pauses and contemplates.
All right, so you can hold the curtain.
She can extend the anti-magic zone.
She can prevent Manshoon from teleporting out of there.
Right.
You can ask him what he took.
You can ask if everyone is who they say they are.
And she answers the question: fight to fight behind you.
I was bound to be witness, not weapon.
If I could have stopped him, I would have stopped him at dawn.
At dawn.
Well, when Manshoon showed up.
Yeah.
Right.
So he can't.
The fight beside us is out.
Oh.
Right.
Okay.
So she's an observer.
So.
You know, this whole anti-magic thing sounds terribly useful against a powerful wizard.
Much as it inconveniences me, I'll just fight in other ways.
It inconveniences me too, but like if it's a super powerful wizard, it's probably not a great idea for us to be going up.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Can she shape the field so that our power?
Oh, she can't.
She can only extend it.
So, but the downside is that Manshoon can escape.
So that's the downside.
Well, controlling where people move is kind of a thing.
There you go.
Let him try.
Let him try.
All right.
But can we delay it so we can surprise her?
Yeah, you can.
All right.
All right.
All right.
So you're going to go with the hold the curtain?
Seems seems like a good idea.
She smiles and says, well chosen.
Well chosen.
Well chosen.
All right.
Okay.
So here we are.
Okay.
So you now enter the second floor, I presume.
Yes.
So with that piece of information, you head back into the obsidian into the library, and you notice on the floor there is a broken.
Now that you've come in here and you've managed to ignore the owl bear, you notice that there is a damaged owl bear on the floor.
Manshoon apparently destroyed the owl bear and a new owl bear took his spot.
All right, so you head upstairs, presumably.
And the anti-magic goes all the way up.
Is that the idea?
Yeah.
No, no, so the end.
Yeah, so yes, the anti-magic.
I have to check that for the moment, but just let me let me just okay.
All right, so here we are.
So here we are.
All right, at the top of the stair links the vault with the guardian chamber.
I probably need more information.
Yeah, no, just give me a second.
All right.
Okay.
Okay, so you walk upstairs.
All right, and what you see is a hundred dangerous tome, a hundred dangerous tomes dangerous books, tomes, yes, tomes, tomes, tomes.
And we're talking like every dangerous magical tome you could possibly imagine.
You also notice that the door was opened and the door reveals another plain circular room lit with continual light.
It's windows sealed shut.
In this room, a single bookcase is mounted against the eastern wall, while the desk and chair occupy the middle of the room.
Okay, so let me describe this.
All right, so just imagine there's a bookshelf around here.
All right, there's a note on the desk written in somewhat archaic conmon, which reads, This vault was built to contain Candlekeep's most dangerous secrets.
Consult here what can benefit civilization, but leave the tomes on these shelves.
Whilst the most holy, unholy knowledge can be used for good, should circumstances lead you, keeper of secrets, to believe that such dogma might be grasped by foul hands, you will find the means to destroy the contents of this vault in the chamber above.
The room contains around 100 or so of the most powerful magic books you could possibly imagine.
Ooh, I'm very excited.
Right.
Hold on.
You're very excited.
That's very good that you're very excited.
There are books.
There are lots and lots and lots of books here.
And you also notice,
you also notice a Manshoon who's sitting there reading, and he does not look up immediately.
He looks at you and says, by all means, browse.
Okay.
Right.
The trick is leaving with what you came for.
Did you come for the book or did you come for me?
Indeed, we came for you.
We did not know of the books.
All right.
So,
all right.
All right.
So, okay.
So, so,
okay, so he looks at you and he says, you've come for me and not for the books?
The books are but a bonus.
He sighs.
He sighs and says,
He sighs and we roll for initiative.
Oh, no.
That's an intense sigh.
Yes, three.
He goes, he sighs.
I rolled a 20.
I got a 19.
All right, hold on.
I need to get a mage icon.
Highlight.
Yeah, so I don't see the chart yet, but.
Yeah, it's because I haven't loaded it up, clicked on it yet.
Hold on.
Oh, three.
That's not great.
All right.
So I need.
So we're currently in the zone of music or magical stopping.
No, you're not inside inside the.
So inside the tower, magic works.
Okay.
Right.
So it's.
Just at the gate.
Yeah.
So it's just obviously magic has to work, otherwise all these books would be destroyed.
Okay, good point.
Yeah.
I thought maybe they were just paused.
No, no.
All right.
All right.
So, hold on.
So I need to
delete this guy.
I need to put him back on.
Okay.
No, that's not what I wanted.
You can do better.
Delete.
Hold on.
Character.
Delete.
All right.
I paid for these icons.
I'm going to have the pretty icons.
Sorry.
This is just.
All right.
All right.
Let me just see if I have.
All right, so we roll for initiative, yes?
Yes.
Just a green ball now.
Oh, no, there we go.
I believe we are all dead.
Wow.
All right.
So now roll for initiative.
So whatever you rolled.
A 19.
I'm not rolling again.
Three.
Okay, Thorin, you got a 19.
What did you roll, Daz?
If you remembered and you like it, you can tell me.
Otherwise, you can re-roll.
I don't remember.
I'm going to re-roll.
21.
All right.
Are you going to re-roll?
Yeah, Daz, I don't remember.
I screwed up the die rolling.
So, yes, you get to re-roll.
Better.
Zalthir, what did you roll?
What did you roll?
17?
Grygum figured out how to add it myself.
Okay.
And Grygum, you're a three, right?
Unfortunately.
Yes.
Okay.
So.
Yeah, you can add yourself.
That's neat.
But then you can't remove yourself.
Yeah, you can't.
I'm going to remove you.
If you click on your token and do add turn, then it adds it as zero and you can edit it.
Yeah, you can add.
I just don't see the way to remove, but that's fine.
I think you can click on the icon itself in the turn do it adds zero.
It puts you on the tracker again.
Oh, sorry.
I had to do it.
That's exactly what I did.
I'm sorry.
I just told you how to press it.
I told Joe there's a button to press.
Seriously, man.
You told Joe there was a button.
I just need to get the need to get his stat block.
All right.
Okay.
I need to.
I just, all right.
So.
Okay.
So I can get his initiative.
Oh, it would be helpful if I flipped the right.
Ah!
Cancel.
Of course that would happen.
Of course it would happen.
Of course, I would click the wrong button, causing things to have to reload.
Sorry.
Sorry, guys.
After an experience like this, I'll never click on anything again.
Okay.
Doki.
So,
all right.
So his initiative, what's his initiative?
I had his stat block here.
Where's his stat block?
No, no advantage on his dexterity.
All of that energy to find out that he just, it's a straight d20.
All right.
12.
All right.
Change.
Let me just add him.
Ah, what am I doing?
Add turn.
All right.
Manshoon.
All right.
12.
All right.
Okay.
So let us begin.
Let me also add the
little, your little guy is also here as well.
All right, Thorin, you're up first.
Oh, my goodness.
All right.
So who are we fighting again we're fighting?
Thorin's up or I'm up.
Oh, sorry.
I was downloading.
Daz, you're up.
Yeah.
Daz, you do it.
Have fun.
Let's see.
I've already used my fifth level.
So he's a like a high-level wizard.
So if I cast something on him, that's also a wizard.
He's not just a high-level lizard.
He is a legendary high-level lizard who has come back from the dead more times than you know.
So before we get really good into the fighting, I want to propose to him that there's a lot of valuable books in this room.
It would be a shame to damage any of them.
What if we moved into the other room so they'd be safer?
That's a good proposal.
What does he say?
It was done with such earnestness, right?
Deserves an inspiration point, my opinion.
That man deserves an inspiration point.
Like, I literally am going to have to roll it.
I just can't.
Okay.
Roll your roll with a persuasion or something.
Persuasion.
Or performance.
I don't care.
Whatever you want.
17.
Is that with your book?
Oh, did you say with advantage?
Yes, yes.
22.
All right.
That was the number you needed to roll.
Manshoon goes.
Manshoon goes, yes, you're correct.
We should not damage these books.
They are of priceless in origin.
Indeed.
And he goes, and clearly, one of us will leave with the book they want.
Correct.
Let's all just leave them here for now.
We can come back after we kill you.
Or I killed you.
Or, yes.
Yes, I admit it is a possibility.
Well, why don't you go down ahead?
Sure.
All right.
So he goes downstairs.
No, downstairs is all the way on the left.
Right.
Ah, let's see here.
All right.
Zalthir, put you over here.
Yep.
All right.
With Glabbagool.
All right.
Far more civilized this way.
Far more civilized this way.
Wait, I missed that.
We sent them all away.
No, no, no, no.
Convinced him to go downstairs so we don't damage the books.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're all moving the fight because, like, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now he's in an area where.
Well, so just to be clear, the anti-magic shell is on the bridge, right?
It's not in the tower.
Yeah.
How far away is the bridge?
Like feet?
There's the bridge.
That's where the bridge is.
10 feet.
Okay.
Right.
It starts literally.
Yeah.
So we'll just say it starts there.
Yeah.
So 10 feet.
Awesome.
Yep.
Okay.
Okay.
He's like very suspicious.
Like you all seem very eager, but you know, destroying the books with magical spells, causing glyphs of wording to explode, people to die, you know, this would be a disaster.
A reasonable request.
Yeah, no, he's like, he's thinking how civilized of you.
So he squirt down.
I presume you take positions, place yourselves wherever you want.
He sort of arrives standing menacingly over Daz.
Place yourself.
All right.
He stops there and says, what does he say?
He says, well, now we have found a place to have the magical duel.
Yes, we have.
Yes, we have.
All right.
So he looks at you and there's kind of like that, you know, okay chorale sort of
preparing to draw.
Yeah, like kind of like okay, okay chorale moment, right?
Where's the owl bear?
The owl bear is participating not in this combat since his job.
Everybody has answered the question.
The previous guy killed him and you answered the questions.
His job was to make sure, you know, so the owl bears just sitting there.
Okay.
We don't have to worry about friendly fire or fire.
No, no, no, no.
He's just, you know, he might flit around to avoid, you know, explosions and might offer real-time commentary.
Oh, commentary.
Nice.
Well, he might offer color commentary.
Ooh, that's a pretty nasty hit by a man.
All right.
So he's standing.
He's standing at the top of the library.
You're standing.
He stares.
There's like the thing, let us begin.
Yeah, did the turner go away?
Oh, yes, I accidentally hit it.
Hold on.
I need to do one thing.
Well, you guys, Daz, you go.
I don't think I'm going to.
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out what the best thing to try is given they're a really high-level wizard.
I mean, I'm thinking about.
All right, okay, so let me just be clear.
Manchun casts a spell before you walk down.
So you do have a chance to cast a spell, a buff spell before he walks down.
Okay.
So I'm just to be clear, he is evil after all.
So he did walk down, but he cast a spell on himself as a buff spell.
So he's currently have mirror images floating around him.
Is he considered a creature for the purposes of text?
I now have to look it up.
What are you trying to do?
Let me see what you're trying to do.
Phantasmal killer.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That can definitely affect him.
Okay.
Yeah, sorry.
Creature.
Yeah, he's a creature from that perspective.
So I will cast Phantasmal Killer on him because I'd like to get him stuck with disadvantage on rolls.
Wow.
All right.
Is that a two-hit or he needs a wisdom DC17 save?
Or he takes 26 points of psychic damage and he'll have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls for the duration.
If he's successful, then he doesn't get the disabilities and he gets half the damage.
Okay.
And if he continues to miss the saves, he continues to take the damage again and again and again.
So it's kind of.
I know how that spell works.
All right.
So now I'm trying to see what his.
And I cast it at the fourth level, not at the third.
Which kind of sucks because I only got 26.
I was hoping more for.
I rolled a one, a nine, a ten, a six.
I guess that's not bad.
All right, so he's already burned.
Oh, wait, that doesn't include the extra.
Yes.
Oh, above four.
Never mind.
All right.
Four is a nominal.
All right.
So he's going to first, he's trying to decide: do I burn my counterspell here?
He pauses.
He burns the counterspell.
He can't cast a spell.
Do I get him?
Yeah, no, no.
I'm trying to.
Okay, so he's going to roll the saving throw.
That is an eight.
Let me just see what his bonuses are.
That's a low.
That's a low bonus.
Yeah, I know, but remember, he's the legendary Manchun.
I know.
I'm just saying.
But if you.
Oh, he actually makes it.
He has a plus nine on his wisdom.
So he got exactly 17?
Yes.
That sucks.
Well, he still took 13 points of psychic damage.
All right.
So he takes 13 points of psychic damage.
All right.
Sorry.
That's not.
No, he should not have taken.
All right.
Okay.
Thorin, you're up.
Hold on.
He decides.
We are at 7:30.
We can stop here.
We can stop here.
Okay.
So we're starting with me.
Yeah, so I'm starting anything.
Let me just put a thing in here.
Start here.
Just put that label.
I think we can use this anti-magic field to our advantage, doing things like firing at him and then ducking out the door so he can't get back at us as effectively.
Yeah, so Daz, would you want to stay there, sit in the room as its target, or do you want to try to?
No, after I hit him, I want to start heading towards the bridge.
I think the more we can hit him a little and then suck him out into the bridge, then we can hit him with crossbows or something.
All right, so you're going on to the bridge?
Yeah.
All right.
Sounds good.
Okay.
So that's your position.
All right.
All right.
We will stop here.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Sorry, this was a little bit overwhelming in terms of keeping all these things in order, but I think we'll have the big fight with Manchun next.
Oh, it's fine.
All right.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
Have a good ride.
Thanks.
We'll see.