Howdy go.
Howdy, howdy.
Ahoy.
So we're missing our Game Master, aren't we?
Yep.
Is he still in Greece?
I don't think so.
No?
Not according to LinkedIn.
Ah, okay.
Yes.
Good morning, Stephan.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Did you get to see the eclipse?
No.
Oh, that's too bad.
I was in a pool hall shooting some pool.
That's my secret hobby is billiards.
Pool hall means like billiards?
Yeah, billiards.
Nice.
What do I mean secret?
No, it's not really a secret.
Just say
to make it more interesting than it really is.
Are you could you wipe the table with the rest of us?
Are you like really good?
I'm not that good, meaning I don't run the table systematically, but I can eventually if the layout is not too bad.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So you could cream us.
Got it.
Sometimes I don't scratch.
Sometimes.
Maybe you could give us all lessons.
I always wanted to be really good at billiards.
That's what YouTube is for, my friend.
Yeah.
I've watched those videos.
Yeah.
Well, that's the thing about billiard.
It's very deceiving.
It looks super simple, right?
You're like, hey, I've got a queue.
There's a ball here.
I should get the ball.
I agree.
Yeah.
But it's in fact extremely complex.
So it's one of those things you have to shoot a million ball and then you'll start to get it and get results.
But it's still important to understand the fundamentals, I suppose.
It's just really hard to start getting results from applying them.
If that makes any sense.
Yeah.
That does.
I mean, I know like the concept of aiming for the dots, but I still haven't been able to apply that.
Right.
What are we talking about?
Billiard.
Billiard.
I play billiard.
Do you play snooker at all?
So I tried snooker.
And to be honest, I find it mostly boring.
That's fair.
I mean, it's great for your fundamentals, but it's also so hard to shoot straight on a snooker table because it's so big that you can't really afford side spins and everything that makes American pool interesting.
Well, I'll be damned.
Glad us gangs did something right.
Why would you be damned, Costatis?
I did not know that you played pool.
It's a secret.
Yeah, it's a secret.
A secret from everybody.
I get that.
Everyone.
Yeah.
It's dangerous to go alone.
Okay.
So I think everybody decided we're charging a dead house for gas.
I don't know what Zoom is doing to your face, but like what do you like have here?
He shaved his beard?
No, I have my beard.
What?
Got some dirt on your chin.
I don't know.
Maybe like turn off the touch up your appearance.
Is that what's going on?
Dude, I just play with the video filter.
Is that what you think, kids?
How's that?
Okay, now I can, now I can.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's hair.
Okay.
I'll go with it.
I'm like very nervous.
Hold on, hold on.
You now have to take a screenshot and send it to me.
Like, I mean, you have to take the screenshot and send it to me, dude.
Like, now I'm curious.
There we go.
That's how I was looking.
Did you clip it?
Wade.
That's what you were looking for, right?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
That actually is funny.
Wade, when he's laughing, that actually works in a very amusing way.
It's, yeah, I'm going to turn that off now.
All right, let's play.
All right.
Oh, pride mode.
Oh, my gosh.
I guess I've not played with Zoom as much as you have.
All right.
Oops.
It's got animal avatars, too, if you're really bored.
Okay, now I'm going all in.
What is this?
I see your facial effects.
Oh, wow.
There we go.
So, this is for all the furries out there.
I can be a cow.
Oh, wow.
What have you done?
What have you done?
What do these video filters do?
What's this?
Oh, wow.
I can have a look at that.
Yeah, that's how you get the mustache.
Amazing.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
Computers were a mistake.
They were what?
Computers were a mistake.
I agree.
Studio effects.
I prepared.
Of course, you guys, as this tradition, will go in a completely different direction where I was completely unprepared, which is totally cool.
But I just want you to know I have prepared.
I'm assuming you're going to go to the Morning Lord's Spire in the morning.
That's a pretty big assumption.
Now we got to go somewhere else, guys.
Yeah.
I got green lips.
Well, I think we know we did Brewbarry's thing.
We did Vukradin's thing.
We got to do Valphine's thing.
I agree.
And I need my Tortal soup.
And we have to do the Tortal soup.
I hear it's great.
I put that in the image.
Although I put turtle soup in the image.
I wasn't quite sure that you really wanted to go all the way to Torto.
It's not soup made of portals.
Yes, it is.
Just like Girl Scout cookies are cookies made of Girl Scouts.
Well, I mean, you know, Valphine, you know, Soma, you've got to give us a tick on this.
I mean, you're ultimately, you know, this is your culture.
You say it's made with tortles.
We won't judge as we all judge.
We won't judge out loud.
Okay, we're all judging you now, Soma.
I don't know if that landed, but okay.
All right.
Okay.
So I think I shared with you guys here.
Let me just do it here.
You did.
Yeah, the summary.
Yes.
In my voice.
No.
Your auto-generated voice using the shittier version of the model than I wanted.
But anyway, I finally have gotten my tools to finally work the way I want them to, so I'm very happy.
It only took me like until next week.
And then you want them to do something else.
It's a never-ending loop.
You know it.
But if you want to have it make square vault doors, that is not something that's possible.
Just to be clear.
What?
All right.
Okay.
House-coded safety.
All right.
So when I made those pictures, I could not get it to make rectangular vault doors.
Yeah.
The door tape of the door jam would be rectangular, but the vault door would be wrapped.
I need to do one thing.
Oh, yeah.
I just noticed on the strategy image.
That looks very funny.
I need to do something here.
Cool.
I did actually load everything correctly.
Guys, give me one second.
I need to get myself a soda to drink.
So recently I've started making cocktails as well.
Like a Boston Shaker and Ice Machine.
Kitty fancy.
Do you like Pebble Ice or like cross ice?
What do you got?
I make some pretty mean cocktails, like old-fashioned.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Negroni.
For some reason, I thought you would be in the U.S.
today because it's sales kickoff.
No, no, no.
I don't go to Vegas.
I try not to anyway.
All right.
Okay.
So it is the morning.
And, you know, the fact that Vukradin intends to announce the name of his latest band and the impromptu performance he put at the, along with Lathander, the latest cleric of Valphine at the Moonstone Mask, has created quite has created quite the stir at the Spire of the Morning Lord.
Yes.
Well, they also invited me to come to the spire.
So I am coming to provide the sermon of the morning.
The sermon?
Are we playing first or are we reading first?
Sermon first, followed by music and sacraments.
Oh, it's a Unitarian service.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Hold on.
I need to, I have notes.
I need to get them out.
I've heard the sermon too.
Oh, good lord.
I'm excited.
I want to hear this.
Okay, we're getting out.
All right.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Give me one second.
No, this is where the GM goes off script just to troll you now.
There's one more thing I want to bring up.
I just want to bring up.
Okay.
I need to do one more thing.
I have so many damn tools that I use that sometimes I get lost.
Happens with age two.
Okay.
There we go.
It's dawn.
All right.
Well, of course it's dawn because when else would a sermon by the morning lord be done?
You arrive at the doors at the spire's threshold, and there's a whole bunch of clerics at the doors.
And
you can see a whole bunch of you can see a whole bunch of factions around.
You can now roll some perception checks and awareness checks to see what's going on.
Sure.
28 insight.
What did you roll at 20 insight?
Natural one.
28 insight.
Sorry.
What are we rolling?
Perception?
Okay.
I've got minus one, man.
My naivete is peaking.
Insight plus 10.
Jesus.
All right.
So you can see.
Okay, so who is it that you can see?
You can see a skeptical Theranderite clerics at the door.
Right.
Who are they?
Yes.
A Drow Cleric of Lathander?
Yeah, Drow Cleric of Lathander.
I mean, you could go ask.
I'm just telling you, you notice that they're looking at you with a certain amount of skepticism.
I'll go and look at them with my non-believers.
You're kind of walking in there, and there's like, you know, there's like a whole, I just want to give you the lay of the land of what you're seeing as you walk into the building, right?
You notice several Loviatarite agents in the shadows.
Loviatar is the goddess of gods.
Followers of Loviatar.
Yeah, the followers of Loviar who are the gods of pain.
So your whole serum gate.
Your sacrament is applicable.
No, no, he's stealing the sacrament.
It's heretical.
Right.
You also can tell.
You also can.
Who else can you see?
Let me just bring up the list.
Sorry.
I'm a little bit slow today because my.
So the skepticals, are they like in a group or are they just scattered around the room?
They're scattered around.
Okay.
So is there anyone that they look to as a person of authority?
Well, let me give you the rest of the crew.
I'm not done.
Hold on.
I'm sorry, guys.
My brain's a little bit slow this morning because I woke up by jet lag.
And who else?
You also see, you also, to your surprise, see Lord Nembermember.
Wow.
Lord Nempermember.
Coming to the concert.
You also see a crowd of faithful and curious.
And that's sort of the audience that you're seeing.
Everybody seems to have arrived very early in the morning.
Okay.
So this is turned into a thing.
So you can enter and you've got this a choice.
You can walk in like avanavatar, eyes blazing.
You could pause to bless the crowd.
You can let Vukradin try to work the crowd a little bit, you know, do his shtick.
You can ignore them and head straight through the doors.
It's up to you, right?
There's a crowd.
So just to be clear, like, so the way the vibe to it is that you're walking into this temple, right?
And there's all these, it's not empty, right?
Like people, and there's like factions within factions.
These are the ones you recognize.
You do get the sense that there are more factions.
And I'm wearing my new gleaming white dragon plate mail.
Oh, no, you haven't picked it up.
You're picking it up on the way out.
On the way out.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, I mean, canonically, we said it was going to be ready on the way out.
I see.
Okay, well, we'll just retcon some things a little bit later.
Just for the example.
Hold on.
I'm casting so much energy on myself.
And so my eyes light up with light as I touch Valphine's shoulder.
And then there's a phantom sound coming from the door as we walk in.
It's ominous whispers.
Just for theatrics.
All right.
But so just to be clear, just before you arrived, just so we don't have to retcon anything, the guy from Dragons are us, Scales.
Yeah.
Dragon Scales are us.
I was so excited about you showing up that he produced, he showed up with the dragon scale armor.
Which is a great advertisement for his business.
No, no, he wants the blessing of Lathander.
He's one of the devout, and he's thinking that if you're going to give a sermon and that this armor, and so he spent all light, he spent all night working on it.
It's assembled and as you show up, he's like fitting it on you, very excited.
Or he showed up.
Yes, you've got your, you know, you've got your armor.
This, of course, causes an even bigger stir as people see you put on dragon scale armor.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it shows that we're, you know, not to be trifled with, right?
Yes.
I mean, you know, there's like whispers and commentary, and the owner is very proud of himself.
All right.
And my eyes are certainly quite visible to the onlookers.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, yes.
I mean, as you look around, people can see the gleaming eyes.
So, you know, what do you want to do?
Like, this isn't exactly.
The time and place to sit down and chat.
Your brother Aldric is waiting for you.
So it's how you want to work, how do you want to work the room?
So I gave you some options.
I gave you some performance.
So just to make this clear, right?
You walk in like an avatar blazing.
You roll a religion check.
You pause to bless the crowd, roll a persuasion, let Vukradin do it.
I'm going to raise my hand up high, casting a daylight spell.
Okay.
Say it's time for the morning sermon.
Okay.
All right.
So you walk in, and Brother Aldric has asked that you first, before you go and deliver the sermon, you come and talk to him.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, he looks at that and goes, there's a private receiving chamber, right?
You weren't supposed to do that.
He kind of goes like this and ponders, you know, all the liturgical and ceremonial elements that you have forgotten and wonders.
But he's in a good mood.
All right.
Oh, am I supposed to roll a religion to see what I'm forgetting?
I probably know what I'm doing.
Okay.
No, no, you're doing your thing, right?
I mean, I'm not doing anything like that for you.
Let me just do something.
Your religion isn't his religion.
Yeah.
It's a new religion.
No, no, actually, sorry, this is important.
Are you trying to be canot?
Are you trying to follow the sacraments as the Kurt Lefender, or are you riffing on the Church of the Searing Pain?
I am leaning into the Church of the Searing Pain, but I do know the room.
And so the question is like, how do we draw them in?
Okay.
So you drop the bomb on them subtly.
Okay, all right.
So I'll just say that generally people go with a light spell to announce the service.
Yes, but so but you went the next level with daylight.
So just, you know, with that being said.
Hey, it wasn't sunbeam.
That's a lot of laughter this one.
People were dying.
So I guess, you know, is that a fair way to characterize it?
You know, like the original normal.
There is no undead here.
Right.
All right.
Yeah.
There's enough clerics here that there's certainly no undead.
Yeah.
All right.
You do make a pause, roll your religion.
What did you roll for your religion?
16.
All right.
You made a very positive impression.
You can see the crowd is quite pleased to see you.
There's like they're in awe of your spell casting.
It's not very often people see a daylight spell in the middle of the day inside of the church of Lothander.
Some of the people.
Yeah, I'm going to say it does make quite a bit like, you know, it lights up the entire chamber.
Some people kind of squint and I'm assuming you admire their pain for just a moment.
I'll lean over a whisper in her ear, but let's make sure we collect the nations at the end of the sermon.
I have a plan.
He has many plans.
Yes.
No, I'm just waiting for the plans.
I am here to serve, by the way.
Anything you want me to do, just ask.
So am I.
Who is chatting?
Where's the ping coming from?
Oh, okay.
Never mind.
All right.
So hold on.
So you want to talk to me before I go up to do the service.
Right, right.
Yeah.
All right.
So he, yes, and, you know, and it turns out it's a.
It turns out it's Brother Aldrich and several of the
several of the clerics.
Hold person?
No, okay.
Just say the word.
I got it ready.
Even Vukradin's perception notices that nobody seems to be armed after all.
It is in the middle of.
Well, there's, you know, maybe, you know, I don't know what he's got planned.
It does involve.
Maybe he wants to inflict pain, you know, like whole person's great for inflicting pain.
Okay, yes.
It involves promoting the band and trumming up business sales for the ropes.
Yep.
All right.
And the bathrobes, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
So Brother Aldric is very.
He's got like this concerned look on his face.
He's heard, he goes, I've heard of the blessed temple that you've built in Phandalin.
Why, yes, it's glorious.
Yes, but I have a question.
You keep talking about this blessing that what does it mean?
What is the meaning of the blessing?
It allows us to gain a deeper appreciation of the glory and power of the Morning Lord.
So, okay.
So, so you're saying this is not about the pain.
This is about your redemption and your understanding of the Morning Lord's path.
Well, yes, of course.
Of course.
We must gain a deeper spiritual communion with the Morning Lord.
All right.
Roll a DC, roll a charisma check.
Charisma check.
Persuasion.
Does that mean persuasion?
Persuasion.
Sorry.
Persuasion.
Starting with the persuasion.
Yeah.
Can I have a bardic inspiration or something?
I mean, if you can have a bardic inspiration, like, you know, I'm assuming you're giving out bardic inspirations, Vukradin.
Yeah.
What's the Bardic inspiration?
It's the D8.
You only get to add a D8.
Sorry.
I mean, you get a five.
So I get a D4 from my thing and a D8 from his, and so that makes it an eight.
No, you're Brother Aldric is not impressed.
He seems a little bit.
He seemed, let's see, he seems a little bit
disappointed.
Does anybody want to try to help her so that she gets another role?
We're all helping.
Well, I know, but who wants to do the helping?
Like, which one of you?
Valphine's choice.
Valphine, who do you want to step in to help you?
Brewbarry.
Brewbarry.
Of course.
He's a bit of a star.
What can you do?
So, I mean, you can make some, so you can roll with advantage.
Roll again, Valphine.
So I'm assuming Brewbarry kind of does his thing.
And, you know.
Yeah, I've got my eyes gaming with light.
And again, ominous whispers coming from the back of the room with my thaumaturgy.
12.
All right.
Did you get the same vote as more?
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
So I'll keep your inspiration so you can use it again.
With the inspirations, that would be 18.
18.
On a success.
Aldric accepts your theological points.
He says, well, I'm happy to see that you're doing this, but I warn you to stay away from this path of pain.
This is not the Lathander's way.
That's not.
Yes.
What do you mean by that?
Well, so before you can get that, another sun priest interrupts, like one of the priests who's sitting around and you notice he's kind of scarred.
All right.
And asks, is pain the point or the healing?
The light is the point.
He is the morning lord, the lord of light.
Ah, well, that one's good.
Hasn't life taught you that healing can be painful?
All right.
So, okay.
So, you said the Lathander is the point, right?
Is that your.
The light is the point.
He is the god of light.
So, so, but, yes, but why do you insist on the pain?
Because healing doesn't come cheap, my friend.
Sometimes it is to embrace the fullness of the light.
You must experience it and its fatality.
Otherwise, it's just a pale shadow of shadow.
But then, why is what is the purpose of the healing?
Well, then, our Lord has great ambitions for us on this world, and therefore we must be able to then see the path.
All right, okay.
Okay, that was that was good.
All right, roll a persuasion again, yes.
I'll give you an advantage
with advantage or not with advantage.
I'm assuming somebody's helping you.
Wow, natural 20
persuaded monkey.
Okay, okay.
All right, um, brother, what did you roll?
Did you natural 20?
You rolled a natural 20.
Wow.
So he's very, he smiles, and you immediately gather that the other cleric was there to trap you, but that you managed to thread the trap.
Right?
They were trying to trap you by doing a good job with my theology.
Yes, yes.
So, so he's very pleased.
He makes the sign of the morning lord.
All right.
All right.
So you are now in.
So with that, you are in a packed hall down through the windows, right?
With high windows.
Go into the Sanhedrin, man.
This is.
What?
Can you get some inspiration on this one, Kostadis?
Yeah, I mean, what?
I thought this would be fun.
Right.
Right.
So you walk in and there's the congregation is there.
Okay.
So,
all right.
Okay.
So the congregation is there for you to give your sermon.
And, you know, there's, as you look around, roll your investigation or insight.
Okay.
And I put an image in the story so far.
All right.
We're just going there.
Inside of.
Discord?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Inside of 15 plus some bonuses, perhaps.
I still get my D4, right?
Okay.
I'm sorry, I just saw the Brewbarry one.
Yeah, he's so happy.
I am happy.
My friend is on the stage.
All eyes on him.
He's about to illuminate them with his divine message.
All right.
It'll only be good for business.
Yes.
And let's see, well, some.
I do ponder why some question the way that he sets forth, though.
Right.
You also notice that Perrin is there.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Perrin.
Oh, yeah.
The guy who claims claims that we owe him the thing that he owns the necklace.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, that guy.
Yeah.
So he's there.
You told him to be there.
Right.
Yeah.
Right.
Because we're cutting the deal.
Yeah.
Right.
So he's there.
So.
All right.
Okay.
Ready for the sermon?
Yes, please.
Hold on.
Now I am.
Children of the dawn, gaze upon the rising sun and know true power.
Lathander is not a soft god of quiet comfort or gentle reprieve.
He is the blinding radiance that cuts through the stagnant dark and shatters the slumber of the world.
Darkness does not yield to meekness, nor does the night retreat before trembling hands.
Light is an absolute force, unyielding, fierce, and searing.
When the first rays of morning pierce the sky, they do not negotiate with the shadows.
They destroy them, exposing every hidden corruption and sweeping away the decay of the night with uncompromising glory.
To truly walk in the light of the morning lord, one must undergo the sacred sacrament of blinding light.
In this holy rite, the faithful cast off all comforting illusions and look unflinchingly into the incandescent glare of pure divinity until the eye beholds only burning gold and every shadow within the soul is utterly incinerated.
It is in a baptism of fire and brilliance that hardens the spirit into a conduit of divine radiance.
Through this sacrament, we are remade not as passive observers, but as living blazes, forged to carry the intolerable heat of Lathander's glory into every dark corner of this realm.
Let the heathens and the creature spawn of pitch black abyss tremble at our approach.
Armed with the searing wrath of the dawnbringer, it is our holy duty to purge the wicked and reduce their blasphemies to ash.
We do not offer pity to those who cling to the dark or quarter for the meek and weak, for to harbor shadow is to invite destruction.
Rise, warriors of the morning, lift high your glowing crests, and let the untamed power of Lathander incinerate every enemy of the dawn.
Through light alone we dominate.
Through light alone we conquer.
Now behold Lathander's death.
Well done.
That was extremely well done.
I think I'm changing religions.
Well, I mean, so we are Lathander's death.
Right.
That just works and so.
And of course, you know, like, and stop by the gift shop on the way out.
Don't forget to buy our merch at the table in the back.
Do you want everyone to stare at the sun until they go blind?
Oh, that's the plan.
Well, hold on, Vukradin.
Are you the sacrament?
Well done.
At some point, one of the things I'll get through it.
Loviatarite.
Loviatarite.
Loviatarite.
For a Greek who can pronounce words Loviatarite.
If I say with a Greek accent, I can say it.
To the English, I can't.
Loviatar is like the god of pain, right?
Yes, yes.
Stands.
Right.
In fact, and another one stands from another scream and denounces you.
Pain is the maidens.
The drow has dressed our sacrament in sacrament and called it holy.
All right.
Okay.
So.
No, my brothers.
Bane is simply the darkness you break through on your way to the dawn.
All right.
So.
DC 15 Constitution safe?
What did you just do?
I cast blindness on him.
Okay, now I've to go figure this out.
You literally cast person.
Did you cast blindness?
Okay, so what do I have to roll?
Right.
I'm going to just.
I don't want to see the role.
A one.
That'll be for the rest of his days.
That's not a permanent blindness, right?
I don't want to think it is.
You're burning your spells, man.
No.
What?
Duration one minute.
All right.
Cast him out.
Cast out the heathen.
All right, okay.
You know, and so people are, you know.
Okay, so going.
Right.
If you're not a zealot, you get off the boat.
That doesn't rhyme.
It doesn't work, does it?
All right.
The other Loviatarite screams that this will, this, you know, this screams like, goes, this will...
You, you have stolen the sacraments of Loviatar.
There will be consequences.
And I don't think staring at the sun is a sacrament of Loviatar.
Inflicting pain, though, is.
Isn't that what he did?
It's a little bit.
I'm just, yeah, I'm young.
They're religious fanatics, man.
Yeah.
The goal is the light.
The pain is just a nice benefit.
I hear you.
I want to be clear: your speech was eloquent, which is why as they leave, you know, people just sort of stare at them with like contempt.
So they didn't make their point.
But the fact that you blinded this guy did there will be consequences.
I mean, you did just blind.
Only for one minute.
But you call it blinding.
I call it blessing.
You blessed him with the holy light.
You saw the light.
It's an alternate way of taking the sacrament.
All right.
So, all right.
So let me just da da da da.
All right.
Do we get to play now?
Can I play?
All right.
Yeah, it's time for the band.
Time for some death metal, man.
All right.
You got to roll two.
Okay.
So you guys are going to get up and play.
Oops.
Save me, Valphine.
Save me.
As the music is playing, I go around with the little basket.
I have an advantage, right?
I need roll performance.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Or am I like assisting you, and therefore you get advantage?
I don't know.
Whatever Kostadis says.
And I'll roll intimidation as I go around collecting donations just to make sure that people are generous.
All right.
So hold on.
When you said the whole Lathander's death name, I had like, you know, there's uneasy laughter when you guys made that announcement.
And as you start playing, there's like somebody gets up and starts cheering.
And like there's like you get the impression that, yeah, like the people are really excited about it.
Some panties end up on stage.
Right, right.
Common is not my native language, just to be clear.
Yes.
What?
Common is not my native language.
Common.
Under common is my native language.
Under common.
Yeah.
I believe under common.
So.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
So you start playing the music, right?
Is that what I'm hearing?
So when we, yeah, when we play the music, what sort of roles do we need?
Okay, you're playing your music.
All right.
So.
The performance, performance.
And so we'll have Dave roll, and then, like, does he have advantage, or like, do we help him?
No, no, no, no, no.
You roll together and you roll together.
So if Dave succeeds, yes.
It's kind of like a combination bonus, right?
So if both of you succeed, then it counts more than if one of you succeeds.
All right, Valphine.
Pull it off.
Thank you.
Saved it.
What did she?
What did she get?
17.
Did you roll a natural one?
I did.
Oh, God.
Let me just tell you.
Valphine, do you want to sing in Undercommon?
I speak Undercommon.
Yeah.
I think that would be appropriate.
That's the original.
Your performance, your performance, there's scattered applause, you know, as Vukradin's performance leaves everybody a little bit uncertain about how to handle it.
And then, you know, someone starts humming a hymn that isn't what you're singing right now.
So there's nothing.
I mean, I think about like.
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not done.
Sorry.
Okay, go ahead.
But, you know, but, you know, the crowd, you know, once Valphine starts getting into it, the crowd kind of warms up to it.
And there's, you know, swaying and cheering.
And, you know, some people, you know, there's enthusiasm.
Yeah.
Right.
Brewbarry, as he looks over the crowd, notices that there's quite a few people dressed like him.
Are they wearing a bathrobe?
Is it a taken off yet?
I go to them and I, you know, I suggest that they buy a bathrobe, that it would look so much nicer and it's soft and comfy.
That's what true barbarians do.
Right.
And so.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
As Soma is standing there, you know, someone, one of the supplicants notices you and says, you are a protector of the, you are the protector of the glades.
And I was wondering if you would be willing to do a blessing for my garden, right, in the middle of this whole religious festival.
What, with the Meryl staff?
Yes.
I mean, she goes, that's what she says.
I didn't know the staff could do blessings.
Well, no, you're supposed to do bless spells.
As a druid?
Well, I don't know.
She's kind of like seeing you and, you know, she wants a blessing for her garden.
I guess I can fake it.
I'm not exactly trained in the religious arts, you know?
And I'm following there are these Lathandrians or Lathandronites or whatever.
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, the person explains that she's more syncretic in her religious beliefs.
You know, there's plenty of gods.
Why worship only one?
You know, you have to have gods for different purposes.
And she noticed.
He probably are a follower of Yklakai.
So, you know, maybe you could ask for a little blessing from Yklakai.
I think we can arrange that.
What is it you would like out of your garden?
Oh, just that it grows and it's beautiful and lush, and that you just want life to spring.
Yes, she just can very much relate.
All right.
Religion roll or what?
Yeah, no, but just, yes, roll the religion.
All right, minus one.
Let's go.
15.
Hey, 15, not bad for a minus one.
You successfully deliver the blessing.
I faked it well enough.
Soma's not that religious.
Like, yeah, I know, but you've got Meryl's staff and rumors are spreading.
Yeah, she'll come around.
But you know, after Valphine, she's thinking this Lathander's got the right idea.
Okay.
So the concert goes well, and the service is over, and there's still some folks sitting around.
You notice Cullen Sharpe.
Oh, who is Cullen Sharpe?
He's the House Margaster guy.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Shall we all take a moment to listen to the music?
Oh, God.
Yes.
Oh, that's what that Lord.
I don't really.
I don't know if we should do that on or off soon.
From abyssal night, the darkness flees before the dawn upon our knees.
Ascend in glory, morning, Lord.
I can hear two of yours.
Ram price increases are totally worth it.
That was worth it.
Yeah, that was worth it.
Ram price increases are totally worth it.
Oh, boy.
So Cullen sees you and says, compliments you on your new name.
Yes, on the group of view.
It says compliments you.
And from the band, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
We are Lathander's death.
Yeah.
He's very impressed with it.
And he mentions in passing that House Margaster always delivers the goods.
Ominous given the trade route shutdown or whatever you want to call it.
Yes, and says that, and then he reaches, he sees Brewbarry's basket.
Brewbarry, you're going around trying to...
How much gold did I collect, by the way?
Oh, that's awkward.
You don't have to answer now, but you are.
You're taking up donations for the church, right?
Yeah, of course.
It all goes to Lathander.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's normal to make donations while you're at church.
That's pretty typical.
Tithing, sure.
Okay.
Cullen pulls out some coins, puts them over the basket, and decides he doesn't want to donate and smiles at you as if the smile is the donation.
At me or at the at all of us.
Yeah, at the group of you.
Who is this guy again?
He's the House Margaster guy with a green suit.
Right.
I stopped the other guy from attacking us.
Right, right.
So I sort of tower over him.
I make my voice boom with thaumaturgy again.
All right.
Why aren't you donating?
He goes, he looks at you awkwardly.
All right, roll your intimidation.
The better question is: do you fear the light?
There you go.
Well done.
I'm flexing my muscle.
You know, I'm doing the rock thing, you know, with the pecs are going boom, boom.
Should we add the Burnock inspiration there, too?
No, it's not necessary.
Cullen notices that everybody's staring at him.
And he says, well, never let it be said that House Margaster is very is very happy to donate to Lathander's temple and applauds Valphine's most recent what was the word I'm looking for?
Apotheosis.
What?
Apotheosis.
No, that's not the word he was looking for.
Yes.
Polo flattery is not the donation I'm looking for, brother.
Now spill the coins.
Right.
So he gives you the coins.
Some coins.
No, I grabbed the whole pouch and I put it in the basket.
Thank you for your generosity, brother.
All right, roll a grapple check.
Grapple check.
Why do I roll that?
Is that just an attack roll?
Yeah.
Hold on.
I need to check.
Grapple.
There's like the rules change for grapple because it keeps checking, right?
Isn't it?
All right.
A grapple creature can use its action to make a strength or dexterity against the grapple's escape DC.
Strength.
I think it's an attack roll.
Yeah.
So here we go.
What did you roll?
Strength.
I rolled strength.
Isn't that what I was supposed to do?
Yeah, yeah.
What did you roll?
20.
All right.
Yeah.
You are successfully able to grab the coins out of his hand and stuff them in the bag.
Right.
And that's what I do.
And then I walk away.
Yeah.
Did you just rob him?
No.
Rob him?
You know, I give him a budget to be more generous.
Just when you ask that question, Cullen says, of course not, Vukradin.
This was a generous donation that I was happy to make.
Absolutely.
Thank you for supporting Lathander's death.
He goes, he pauses and says, Vukradin, as you know, we want the same things.
You want.
Okay.
I love it.
We want the same things.
I mean, you know, he's.
You want to return things to people.
He wants to help you return things to people.
He can provide all the people you need to return.
I'm Lathander's death.
You support Lathander's death.
We want the same thing.
Exactly.
Why would there be any confusion?
All right.
The world is ugly.
So while you're sitting there, you hear some rumors.
All right.
You hear somebody whispering that I heard Lathander himself to walk the surface to mark her personally.
You know, you know, you should go with that.
And what do you think?
Right.
This is like, you know, I'm either confirming or dying.
I'm just asking them what do they say?
They're kind of like odd dab dab dab.
You know, when people are gossiping about somebody behind their back and they suddenly realize the person's like in their face and goes, ha, well, I think that's true.
I think that's true.
They go.
I think that's true.
Yeah, doesn't that call for a generous donation?
You know, and I put the basket right under the nose.
You turn it into a shakedown.
Isn't that what church is properly religious?
Roll an intimidation.
All right.
Yeah, I could roll that all day, Berks.
I've got plus four.
Come on, 15.
Boom.
I'm going to get in on this.
I'm going to lead the ball.
So, what did you get?
I got an 11.
The person's not intimidated because he feels blessed by Lathander right now.
15, he doesn't get intimidated.
No, I rolled a 17.
I rolled a 17, man.
It's a D4 for me.
I'll let that one.
Oh, did you want to use your inspiration to increase your role, Brewbarry?
Roll a D8.
D8.
Okay.
Let's see.
D8.
And you get a two for me.
Two?
Yeah.
Two from my blessed.
So five, so you get a 20.
It's five.
Twenty.
There you go.
You rolled 17.
Come on, cuff up some coins.
All right.
Just take a note.
I have to figure out how much they're going to cough up.
Okay.
You didn't plan for the shakedown?
Didn't see that one down in the church.
I mean, like at every opportunity.
You know, we need to find out what's going on.
The whole Brewbarry going around with the thing.
Did you really send over like a cripple boy or something?
We need to stop doing donations.
We need to do the whole business model thing and do the pilot business rollout.
By the way, I meant to ask: is there any magic way to plant a bug onto somebody or someplace?
Is it something so that we could so that we could spy on them, you know, listen to their conversations?
You can totally do that.
So, how does that work?
Well, we don't have that spell.
Yeah.
Well, we need to look for that spell.
One of us needs to get it so that we can listen to Cullen's preview conversations and find out how their business works so that we can do some sabotage.
Okay.
You might be able to buy a scroll, right?
Buy a scroll for that.
That's what we'll use the donations for.
We didn't do that before everyone got together.
All right.
As you're just sort of standing there, Lord Neverember approaches you.
Welcome to our church.
And you can see Aldous talking to him nervously next to him.
Aldous was.
Did you call it our church or my church?
Our church is fine.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're not like branding me as separate from the establishment.
I thought your intention was to create a schism.
No, I intend to take over the whole religion.
Not create a schism.
And as he looks at you and smiles and then walks away.
Oh, my Lord, we're joining you for dinner tonight.
Isn't that right?
He smiles at you again, tightly, tight-lipped.
I left.
Okay.
Aldous turns to you and says, Yes, yes.
Have no worries.
Have no fears.
Dinner is going to happen.
Lord Neverember is just very busy and preoccupied.
Roll an insight check.
21.
Actually, double 21.
You notice that Neverember seems particularly appalled with Cullen Sharpe.
We all.
My lord, is there anything that we can do to assist you?
You may think about that, and if you wish to discuss that tonight at dinner, we'd be very glad to hear of anything we could do to assist you.
He goes, Yes, I think I have many questions, as long as we keep in mind the need to circulate the wealth and not hoard it.
To circulate the wealth.
Okay.
He wants us to.
He wants the money.
No, no, no.
I mean, yes.
So there's.
All right.
Okay.
And let's see.
Is there anything else that happens at this thing?
The armorsmith, does he get a, does he need to get like, you know, like visibly blessed in front of the crowd?
I mean, you can go reach out to him and visibly bless him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you not administering the sacrament to everyone?
Anyone who wants.
I think you should be calling them up and having them stare into the sun and experience the blinding light of Lathander.
Sure.
So one by one, everyone comes up and blinds themselves looking at the sun.
This is the way.
I think I will encourage the crowd.
It's kind of a in the right.
Okay.
It turns out that you've managed to,
what's the word I'm looking for?
Hold on, I forgot to do something.
So when you turn around and ask Neverember this, the question is, is there anything you could do to help?
Right?
Neverember actually, for a moment, looks past the fact that the fact that, you know,
Cullen Sharpe seems to be like trying to smoozge with Vukradin.
And Brewbarry seems to be taking his money.
He gave it willingly.
I don't like anything about Cullen Sharpe.
I'm not onto him at all.
Right, I know, but this is, he's talking to, he's very much focused on Valphine.
And he says, I truly do admire your focus on eliminating those who are enemies of Lathander.
Enemies of the light.
Yes.
I think that is an excellent, focused use of power.
But I am curious how that message has been received by Lathander's clerics.
It seemed to be more about embracing goodness and love for all.
Well, that is the old way.
We need to drive more dedication to the mission and the glory of the Morning Lord rather than such passive, you know.
He smiles.
He smiles at you and says, Ah, yes, I think, Valfine, your approach to the Morning Lord's powers is something that we should keep talking about.
I can see how we could work wonders together.
I look forward to your partnership.
Yes, I look forward to your partnership as well, Valphine.
It's important in these trying times that we have people who see the need for direct action.
And rather than anyway, he kind of walks away.
He mumbles something about power and the need for exercising it officially.
What is the Princess Bride quote of like a man of action?
We are men of action.
Lies did not become us.
Yes.
All right.
Okay.
So, sorry, I just want, I forgot to do that.
So, is there anything else?
I think I've achieved all of that.
Well, whatever the effect of blinding half the city.
No, it's not half the city.
At this point in time, most people have left.
So it's a small group of people.
Oh, that wants the sacrament.
Yes, yes, right.
And so they are in ecstasy and happy.
So you now have managed to set up a small branch of Lathander's Searing Light in Neverwinter.
How many devout followers does Valphine have in this city?
And how do we invest in the local lens crafters?
Eight.
Eight?
Yes.
Oh, those are rookie numbers.
It's like, you know, it's a start, right?
I mean, between the orcs going around preaching conversion and the eight people here, and then the temple in whatnot.
I mean, you're starting to rack up some serious numbers here.
Yeah.
We definitely need to figure out what's going on with the orcs.
Let's think of it this way.
Each of them convert two people, and those convert two people.
Yes.
While this is going on, and Soma's kind of like, I don't know, Soma, are you sort of standing next to it?
I mean, I'm observing, like I always do.
Yeah, okay.
An exile aesthetic merchant comes to you and says, Can I like license your look, your turtle look?
I was born with it.
I don't know that I have any ownership over it.
Well, I was kind of hoping that we could call it the Soma line.
Soma line.
Don't sell out.
Don't sell out.
But wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
So, I mean, my red cloak's not too far off from a bathrobe.
Couldn't we sort of combine production lines here?
Ooh, there's an idea.
Brewbarry.
Sorry, I was deep into researching how we could spy on Cullen.
Now that I have his purse, I'm looking for some sort of magic spell or artifact that I can use to plant a bug on him.
All right.
In the meantime, we're trying to figure out if we can share productions and robes and soma cloaks.
Of course.
So is this a yes or a no?
It sounds like a yes.
I completely trust my partners.
It's good with me.
I'm beginning to see why Vukradin and Brewbarry got together so well.
There's a certain naivete about them that is charming.
All right.
Perrin is still sitting there.
You know, and he's, you notice that there's like a bunch of people sitting around him.
Like he's kind of waiting for you guys to come up to him and get the verification.
He's kind of looking at you, Brewbarry, and every so often, you know, when you do your terrifying thing, he squirms a little bit, but he seems waiting to, he's got his witnesses, so to speak.
Do you want to go talk to him and find out about these witnesses or not?
Yes.
All right.
So you approach them.
And there's.
All right.
And there's three, there's three guys there.
They introduce themselves.
The first one is very enthusiastic.
It says, I'm really glad that Perrin's going to get that necklace.
It's a great symbol of the rightful rulers of Neverwinter, and so on and so forth.
Roll a perception check.
Insight check or investigation, sorry.
Insight.
Insight.
Investigation is probably better.
This is with Brewbarry.
Okay, Brewbarry.
All right.
So you do, but what Valphine picks up is that this guy seems very enthusiastic about the revolution.
Right.
The second person is a historian, a genealogist, right?
And he's like chatting with you and says, Ms. Soma.
Yes.
I had a wonderful conversation with Boney.
Oh, you found my horse.
Yes, yes.
It turns out he was his interest in alligander genealogy is almost as encyclopedic as mine.
Yeah, he had a lot of free time.
I heard.
He told me he studied the corpses and the dead and the relationships between the dead, and he had some excellent insights.
I mean, he's about to go geek out on genealogy if you don't let him.
I'm here for this.
Why would we stop him?
This is what we wanted to hear.
We need to find the provenance of this thing.
Well, so I just want you, I cross-referenced Boney's claims and Perrin's claims.
And it is, in fact, true that Perrin is a descendant, perhaps one of the primary descendants of the Alligander family.
And I was very pleased to see that Boney was able to do this.
Were there any other descendants?
Unfortunately, no.
Not that I know of.
And Boney more or less confirmed that with me.
Why do you say perhaps the primary descendant?
I don't like this.
Perhaps.
We're not looking for.
Boney only had corpses to study, right?
Like he doesn't know who's alive.
So it goes, well, I mean, Mr.
Brewbarry, I am a scientist.
Sorry, I'm a historian.
Scientist, you're a historian.
Who are you?
Which are you?
I talked to you, you know.
He's about to shit himself in his pants, right?
Maybe you're a pole dancer.
I don't know.
You tell me.
Dude, go count the gold.
I'll let the man talk.
He's so good at intimidating everyone.
Okay.
He explains that, well, that what he meant by that was that there can never be 100% certainty, but that he would stake his professional reputation that Perrin is, in fact, the true and only claimant for this necklace.
I see what you've done here: the moral dilemma of giving the powerful magical item to an asshole owner who is evil.
But I am going to stick with my principles.
All right.
Hand it over.
There's a third person.
Oh, there's a third person.
All right.
All three of them.
We all want to worry about connections.
You know, you required three.
You had three.
He said it had to be three witnesses.
Whatever, then.
And it's an elderly.
Yes?
Go ahead.
Continue.
And then.
All right.
Yeah, let's wrap this up.
He's an elderly notary clerk who's genuine.
He remembers the Alligander family records.
Roll an insight check.
More investigation, which everyone you want.
19.
Right.
You can tell he's visibly frightened and explains that I just wish to say that the records, as I recall them, did you clearly put recall?
Well, he pauses and says, when the new administration took over, there was a bit of a purging of records.
The guy is purely being intimidated.
Well, just to be clear, Neverwinter took over the town and got rid of the Alagondars.
Ah.
This is the notary reaches down and says, well, when the Alagondars were removed from power and Lord Neverember became the first Lord of Neverwinter, well, the removal was a print of a purge.
What are they paying him?
Are you?
We're being manipulated here in thinking that Perrin is the right heir.
Is not.
So he is the rightful heir.
No.
He gets the necklace.
Look, I get it.
He wouldn't have to find threatened witnesses.
I don't know that Perrin is evil.
He is certainly intimidated and controlled by people who are evil, but maybe we can give him a protection racket than, you know, an alternate protection racket.
I just want to know why he had to, you know, taking his lineage providence at face value, like, why is he paying off this guy or threatening this, you know, wormy guy?
So just roll your investigation.
What did you roll an insight?
I rolled an insight earlier.
Did anybody roll an investigation?
I am about to, but I suck at it.
18?
No.
Yeah, he's not afraid of Perrin.
He's not afraid of Perrin.
Okay.
I rolled his Euro.
I don't think he's intimidated.
I don't think he's.
He's just evil.
It's okay.
This is going to come back and bite us in the ass if we're going to be.
Yes.
No.
Kastana started, so it will created an interesting wall dilemma for us.
I appreciate it.
I'm glad.
I'm just trying to cover all six.
What does it mean if you insist on handing over all the treasure if you're handing it over to people who are evil?
Even because there's the rightful owners.
They are the rightful owners, and I am sticking by my principle.
Your principal.
I'm not saying we don't give it back.
I'm saying we need to tie it to some sort of reasonable concession.
It's a slippery slope.
Is there a balance?
For me to judge whether we must impose a concession or not.
Come on, man.
It's up to you guys.
So he's giving you the evidence.
Yeah.
And like I said, the evidence is all genuine.
Boney has confirmed it with the genealogist.
The notary clerk has also confirmed it.
I'll let it go, but mark my words.
This is going to bite us in the ass.
It will.
That's the whole point.
We're not trying to take any precaution here or anything.
We're just handing him over the knife that he's going to use to stab us in the back.
That's okay.
He'll probably stab our face.
It'll be more of a fireball to the face.
You know, 912d6 fireball.
We're going to regret this.
I'm just saying.
All right.
So maybe we could put a spell on the necklace so that we can dissolve it or get it back instantly if you use.
Right, I guess he's private, can't I?
I don't support that.
All right, so Vukradin, are you handing over the necklace?
I've already handed it over.
All right, um, Perrin thanks you greatly.
Yeah, go away, get out of my sight.
I don't want to talk to you.
Um, okay, you don't want to talk to him?
Nope.
All right, he well, he thanks you.
I need to talk to evil people.
He's hurt.
Do you say that out loud, or do you keep that to yourself?
No, no, no, no, no.
Like, he's childish.
He got your necklace.
This is childish Vukradin.
I mean, I love it.
I talk to the guy.
I'll tell him: remember that this was handed over to you in the Temple of the Thunder.
You know, this is your chance at redemption.
Use it for good.
All right.
That's the start of your redemption arc.
Yes, okay.
He's he's good.
All right.
Okay.
So that's what happens.
All right.
We did the right thing, all right, guys?
No.
There was no right thing.
It was the plot would have moved in a wild variety of actions.
The only right thing you gave to the character.
Yes, that's exactly.
You have we had you did exactly what your characters would do.
All right.
The one thing you guys didn't do, and I just want to remind you, is that Cullen was supposed to tell you who the gnome was.
Yes, that's right.
Yeah, we've got a quest.
Talk to a gnome at the docks about why the shipping manifold has stopped working.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So who's the gnome, Cullen?
Well, Cullen Cullen smiles at you.
I mean, so why are we asking this guy?
Because he knows.
Remember, you get things.
Let me be clear.
There are two sources for the information.
One is you could go to the counting house.
We will.
And the other is Cullen promised to get you the information.
So which one do you want to go?
Do you want to do both?
First, I ask Cullen, then I go to the counting house and cross-check the info and see if Cullen is going to be able to do that.
I want nothing to do with Cullen.
If you're talking to him, I'm not there.
All right.
That's fair.
That's fair.
Cullen, so Brewbarry, you show up there.
Cullen's a bit disappointed that, you know.
Vukradin, sorry, I was about to burp.
Brewbarry's disappointed to see that Brewbarry's that Vukradin's not with you.
And he says, How can I help you?
Well, remember, I asked you to find the gnome's name for me.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
And of course, far be it from me to not deliver on what you've asked for.
As I said, the House Margaster always delivers.
Stinging a little more every time I hear FedEx disinfo to me, my friend.
Oh, we just, I need, I need to get the name, right?
Okay, so okay.
You get the name.
Well, yes.
His name is Bimble Nackle.
Bimbo.
Oh, no names.
Bimbo?
You're not there.
His name is Bimbo.
No.
Bimble.
Bimbo.
I got it.
The name is great.
Location is better.
And if I could know who he works for as well, that'd be awesome.
Hold on.
Does he know?
So what is it that you wanted to know?
Where is he?
Where can I find this gnome and who does he work for?
All right.
Zero investigation.
Well done.
I love it.
Not your moment.
All right.
I need to find out.
Why would we roll for investigation?
He's willingly giving us this information.
Yeah, no, there's no investigation.
Maybe insight to see if he's lying.
I don't think he's lying.
He's not lying.
However, I'm assuming one of you.
Bimbimo?
Bimbimo?
All right.
Bimble.
Bimble.
Bimble knackle?
I like bimbo better.
All right.
So, what we can tell from this gnome's name is that he is a very low class stature because his name is very short.
How can we tell that?
It's his name is because it has a very small number of syllables.
It's like judging a scotch.
Nazaroponium counterdoperbux.
Like, he's of a high class.
I did not know that.
Yes.
Okay.
So.
Really?
I just made that up.
It's very convincing.
Yeah.
You sold me on it.
All right.
So, yes.
So they describe a Bimbel.
Bimble is described as a very fastidious gnome that worked the machinery of worked the machinery.
But that Corin doesn't know anything more.
So he doesn't know who hired him, who he's working for, where he lives, where we can find him.
Unfortunately, we merely took over.
We were not involved.
And perhaps if we had been, the commission's transportation system would have continued to be working.
Perhaps.
So who was involved?
That's what I'm asking.
Who hired this guy?
I'm sorry, but the Hausmangaster was not involved in the hiring of Bimble.
We just heard of his name after the machinery stopped working.
You didn't recommend him to the people who hired him or anything like that?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All right.
How can I detect if he's telling the truth?
He's telling the truth.
No.
I seriously doubt it.
Not lying.
It's just evil.
You know, the word is not always black and white, Vukradin.
It's mostly gray.
Yeah, well, I'm a Celestial.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
So we got the name, not the location.
All right, maybe the counting house will have the location and who commissioned him.
Yes.
We'll find the connection.
You'll find the connection.
Is that the theory?
Yes.
Still need to find a way to spy on Corin, though.
I'll figure that out.
We're not high enough level for that.
This is not.
Yeah, this is setting stuff up.
All right.
Okay, so that's it.
That's all the things that happen here.
We've exhausted this area.
So what would you like to do?
So if you want, you have a lot of things.
Hold on, hold on.
Yeah.
Do you want to put one of the sending stones in the bag and then give it back to him?
What's the sending stone again?
Basically, a microphone.
It's a bit of a microphone, like a walkie-talkie.
But can you force it to record on the other side?
You can now send a message to Cassian whenever you want, if I recall from your abilities, right, Dave?
Well, if I cast sending, yes.
Yes.
Oh.
But a Sending Stone has a permanent enchantment on it.
And we have disguised the sending stone as a coin, and then we cast Magic Mouth on another coin.
Disguise it how?
I don't have a permanent polymorph.
I only have two.
I'm not high enough level for that.
Yeah, we'll find some magic shop where they can do that for us.
I thought we needed to give the bag back to him now.
No, no, not now.
Later.
Oh, you're going to do it later.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
And so the coin that has Magic Mouth cast on it will just repeat the last five minutes of conversation based on the trigger.
And then it will tell it to the sending stone that can send the message to us.
Brewbarry, you've gotten a lot smarter.
This is beyond me, man.
This is all you.
This is levels.
I mean, Brewbarry, ever since Brewbarry got screwed over by a little, like by a fairy that gave him things, he's become increasingly paranoid.
Yeah, that's right.
You need a headband of intellect.
Yeah.
It enhances my spycraft.
And then we can discover details about their business and we can act where it will hurt them the most.
Okay.
And force them to the table.
But with Guardian Barbarian.
I mean, I'm going to go with this.
I like this.
I'm on a mission, man.
You're on a mission, right?
A mission from Lathander.
Yes.
Okay.
Mission to sell bathrobes.
All right.
So you stand outside the Temple of Lathander, I presume.
Right.
And as you stand outside there.
That's it.
All right.
The clouds disperses.
A colonnades gives cover or quiet conversation.
The city wakes, is now waking to the news of what's happened.
The arrival of the new band that Vukradin, the legendary musician, is a member of, that Lord Neverember spoke privately to Valphine.
You know, that also made the and seemed to be very positive in his reaction to her.
The one thing that you could do is we could wrap up with the conversation with the priest, with the bank.
The bank.
The banker.
The banker.
Ondrel Vance.
Now that he's seen the presentation and can see the reception that the business will.
Well, no, he also has, you also tasked him with finding information.
Right.
Yeah, Brewbarry wanted to go to the counting house.
Right.
So you head over to the counting house where, hold on.
I just lost my roll 20.
You head over to the counting house where Ondrel Vance is sitting.
He sees Brewbarry walk in and just like literally, you know, kind of has that look of, oh shit, pain in his face, and then quickly puts on the most professional of professional smiles and invites you.
My good friend, Mr.
Brewbarry, I am delighted to see you.
And so am I, because I know you have the information I'm looking for.
Well, he goes, yes, well, this is not a great secret.
I mean, the Commission, as you know, was responsible for trade and revenue growth in the area and simply said that the manifold experienced a maintenance failure.
Somebody.
Can you be more precise?
Not somebody, the commission.
The commission.
The commission, okay.
Yes.
Who specifically in the commission said this?
Do you know?
Well, it was a public announcement by the.
I will get you a name.
There was a commission who announced it because they sort of looked before.
This was part of the.
This caused great consternation as you since you are now planning to be a man of wealth, and I'm sure Lenene, as a wealth management consultant, has already communicated this to you.
But the Commission was involved in managing the trade, and all the major houses had shares in the Commission.
The majority holder being
Lord Nevermember, is my understanding.
But the Commission's membership was a tightly guarded secret.
So they're involved in all the businesses around Neverwinter and have definitely been the method by which Lord Neverember has been using to grow.
But this is not secret, Brewbarry.
So my good friend, my good friend.
Before you interrupt me one more time, let me just.
So what happened was that the commission described, it says that this is a maintenance failure.
They hired a technician who.
Who investigated it, but there's we but the commission said he found nothing, but they have never proffered his name or who he worked for or where he is.
For all we know, he never did exist.
But I would not imagine why they would say that.
After all, the manifold was a critical part of the revenue that the commission generated for the city of Neverwinter.
And this has opened up opportunity for new players in trade.
Well, that was a very long sentence for very little information.
But if you were me and trying to find this mysterious gnome, who would you talk to at the Commission to find out?
Well, I don't know.
He goes to the Commission.
He turns pale at that idea.
Roll an insight, Chuck.
I suck at insight.
Okay.
Or one of you roll an insight or history.
28 insight.
Brewbarry, Brewbarry's question triggers a thought in Valphine.
She, in her time in Menzo-Baranzen, she always knew that if somebody needed to go find somebody, the Harpers were the people you wanted to go talk to.
The Harpers.
Okay.
Wait.
I knew from my time in Menzoberranzan.
Yeah, because the Lolthian clerics would be periodically killing and purging Harper agents who got themselves involved.
Just roll with it.
Which is the correct way.
Yes.
Like you do.
And since they're from the Overbright, since you see from the Overbright and you've seen how unruthless everybody is about securing information, you've concluded that they must be the information purveyors in the Overbright.
One last question.
Right.
I mean, given how ineffective they were, but that they kept coming, you figure they should show up somewhere.
And so, yes, that's kind of my kind of my reverse reasoning about why you would assume that's that.
So we also do have an audience with Lord Nevermember.
And if he was part of this council, we could ask him.
Yeah.
So yes, one option is the Harpers.
The other, he unfortunately says, I don't know.
I can't help you beyond that, unfortunately, Mr.
Brewbarry.
The information I have and the resources of the counting house are more in the financial management rather than the investigatory.
But I do think, you know, I would say that it was an unfortunate malfunction.
Yeah, it sounds to me like you need to rethink your strategy, my friend.
I mean, finance is at the root of everything, and so is information.
So how can you make more money without good information?
I don't know.
Anyway, I'll find out who this gnome is.
I'll find out who hired him, and I'll get to the bottom of this.
Last question: Would you have any idea why the Neverember's people would tell me that they had nothing to do in the hiring of this gnome technician?
No, no, House Margaster said that, not House Margaster, yes.
No, no, no, no.
He looks at you very confused.
House Margaster would have nothing to do with the hiring of this individual.
Aren't they on the commission?
House Margaster?
Well, to the best of my knowledge, no.
This has been the source of much contention in the city.
Ah, okay.
Then there's something I'm missing here.
I don't get it.
Okay.
So, House Margaster is not on the commission.
The commission hired the gnome who sabotaged the device.
And the main beneficiaries benefit from this is House Margaster.
Or there's something else, or there's something else going on.
Pretty easy for them to be a bit more confusing.
Yeah, yeah.
So there must be a connection between House Margaster and somebody on this.
He's got the yarn board out already.
Yeah.
All right.
So, Gary, so I just completely flailed on this.
Valphine doesn't know about the Harpers, right?
I mean, does she suggest secret services or like how what would she suggest in terms of how you would go find someone?
Are you okay with the Harper narrative or not?
That's like.
I don't know.
Like, I feel like the way to find someone is to put a hit out on them, and then it becomes someone else's problem to find them.
And then you.
Okay, all right, fine.
That's what we'll go with canonically.
The Assassin's Guild always knows how to find their targets, right?
The Assassin's Guild.
Okay, I will go with that.
Browse going to drive very first edition.
Assassin's Guild.
No, I like it.
Do you blurt that out loud?
Like, kind of like, ah, I know how to...
You go, ah, yes, you're right.
We would go to the Assassin's Guild.
I mean, that's just natural.
Right.
Valphine.
Hold on, hold on.
Corin, sorry, the Ondrel Vance hears that and kind of turns pale, looks at you for a moment.
He's like, you just, of course.
He just.
As you know, he's a cleric of Lathander.
They are jokers.
Yeah, my friend is just kidding.
And thank you for doing me this favor and finding this information.
Know that if you've done me a favor, I'll do you a favor.
Oh, thank you.
Mr.
Brewbarry, as I've said, we are very happy.
Are you pro quo now?
That's right.
That's how it works, my friend.
It is not how it works.
Well, that's how it works in Brewbarry's world.
You know, you be nice to him, he be nice to you.
You should be nice to everybody.
And I'll be nice to him.
I'm collecting favors.
Then I can be Neverwinter's guy.
Yeah, just to be clear, the way I see it is Brewbarry, I mean, just so we're all on the same page, Brewbarry was a part of a tribe.
He trusted somebody.
They gave him some goodberry.
They thought they were giving him some goodberries.
It was actually something that knocked him out.
As a result of being knocked out, something was stolen.
An artifact was stolen.
Brewbarry was accused of not doing his job, kicked out of his tribe.
He ended up in
Neverwinter.
Barely fell in love with Vukradin's original music because it appealed to his distorted soul.
And since then, as he's gained more and more power, he's become more and more paranoid about things that work and don't work and how reality fits together.
Yes.
Paranoid.
Paranoid sounds right to me.
Does that capture it, Stephan?
Yes, yes.
But then in Brewbarry's mind, people do things when they are motivated to do something.
So again, I'm giving this banker motivation.
He's helped me.
I can help him.
And then, you know, the...
No, that's good.
You should make him an offer.
He can't refuse, Brewbarry.
All right.
It's always good to have a banker's friend, you know, or a friend.
So next week we'll do with Soma and her turtle soup.
Turtle soup.
All right.
Goodbye.
Good night.
My dog's getting pushy.
All right, guys.
It was great.
It was great fun.
I hope you enjoyed that.
Barry.
Absolutely.
Great sermon, Gary.
Yeah, fantastic.
That was awesome.
That was very well done.
That was going for epic.
Inspiring.
Inspiring.
Inspiring.
Yes, and you now have another branch of Lathander's Searing Light.
Thank you.
In Neverwinter.
I'll make sure not to abuse that privilege.
Okay.
All right.
Take care.
We'll make sure you will.
All right, sir.
Take care.